




Google Family Link - Children's Privacy Policy

































































Family Link






                  Overview
                



                  Device Compatibility
                



                  FAQ
                








                  Get app
            




Family Link





































Family Link







                  Overview
                



                  Device Compatibility
                



                  FAQ
                








              Get app
            









Privacy Notice for Google Accounts and Profiles Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country) (“Privacy Notice”)




For your child to have their own Google Account or profile, we may need your permission to collect, use or disclose your child’s information as described in this Privacy Notice and the Google Privacy Policy. When you allow your child to use our services, you and your child are trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control. You can choose whether your child can manage their activity controls for things like Web & App Activity and YouTube History.
This Privacy Notice for Google Accounts and Profiles Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country) and the Google Privacy Policy explain Google’s privacy practices. To the extent there are privacy practices specific to your child’s account or profile, such as with respect to limitations on personalized advertising, those differences are outlined in this Privacy Notice.

This Privacy Notice does not apply to the practices of any third party (non-Google) apps, actions or websites that your child may use. You should review the applicable terms and policies for third party apps, actions, and sites to determine their appropriateness for your child, including their data collection and use practices.





Information We Collect
Once you grant permission for your child to have a Google Account or profile, their account or profile will generally be treated like your own with respect to the information that we collect. For example, we collect:

                  Information you and your child create or provide to us.
                

                    As part of the account or profile creation process, we may ask for personal information like first and last name, email address, and birthdate. We collect the information you or your child provide, such as your online contact details, which are necessary for us to contact you to request consent. We also collect the information your child creates, uploads, or receives from others when using their account or profile, such as when your child saves a picture in Google Photos or creates a document in Google Drive.
                  

                  Information we get from your child’s use of our services.
                

                    We automatically collect and store certain information about the services your child uses and how your child uses them, like when your child enters a query in Google Search, talks to the Google Assistant, or watches a video on YouTube Kids. This information includes:
                  


Your child’s apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and devices your child uses to access Google services, including unique identifiers, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your child’s apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including IP address, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and referrer URL of your child’s request. For example, we collect this information when a Google service on your child’s device contacts our servers, like when they install an app from the Play Store.


Your child’s activity
We collect information about your child’s activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend apps they might like on Google Play. You can choose whether your child can manage their activity controls. Your child’s activity information that we collect may include things like search terms, videos they watch, voice and audio information when they use audio features, people with whom they communicate or share content, and Chrome browsing history they’ve synced with their Google Account. If your child uses our services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages, for example by using Google Meet or Duo, we may collect telephony log information. Your child can visit their Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in their account or profile and you can also help manage their activity information by signing in to your child’s Google Account, or accessing their profile in Family Link.


Your child’s location information
We collect information about your child’s location when they use our services. Your child’s location can be determined by using GPS, IP address, sensor data from their device, and information about things near their device, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices. The types of location data we collect depends in part on your settings and your child’s devices.


Your child’s voice & audio information
We may collect your child’s voice and audio information. For example, if your child uses audio activation commands (e.g., “OK, Google” or touching the microphone icon), a recording of the following speech/audio, plus a few seconds before, may be stored to their account from any of your child’s signed-in devices, when the Web & App Activity setting is enabled.



                    We use various technologies to collect and store your child’s information, including cookies, pixel tags, local storage, such as browser web storage or application data caches, databases, and server logs. We do not require your child to provide more personal information than is reasonably necessary to use the Google products and services available for these accounts or profiles.
                  




How We Use Information We Collect
Google’s Privacy Policy explains in greater detail how we may use the data Google collects in association with your child’s Google Account or profile. In general, we use your child’s information: to provide, maintain, and improve our services; to develop new services; to customize our services for your child; to measure performance and understand how our services are used; to communicate directly with your child in relation to our services; and to help improve the safety and reliability of our services.
We use different technologies to process your child’s information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your child’s content to provide them with things like customized search results or other features tailored to how they use our services. And we analyze your child’s content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use algorithms to recognize patterns in data. When we detect spam, malware, illegal content, and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable their account or profile or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
We may use your child’s information to provide recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results. For example, depending on your child’s settings, Google Play may use information like apps your child has installed to suggest new apps they might like.
In addition, we may combine the information we collect among our services and across your child’s devices for the purposes described above. Depending on your child’s account or profile settings, their activity on other sites and apps may be associated with their personal information in order to improve Google’s services.
Google will not serve personalized ads to your child, which means ads will not be based on information from your child’s account or profile. Instead, ads may be based on information like the content of the website or app your child is viewing, the current search query, or general location (such as city or state). When browsing the web or using non-Google apps, your child may encounter ads served by other (non-Google) ad providers, including ads personalized by third parties.




Information Your Child Can Share
Your child may be able to share information, including photos, videos, audio, and location, publicly and with others, when signed in with their Google account or profile. When your child shares information publicly, it may be accessible through search engines like Google Search.




Information Google Shares
Information we collect may be shared outside of Google in limited circumstances. We do not share personal information with companies, organizations, and individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:

                  With consent
                

                    We will share personal information outside of Google with consent (as applicable).
                  

                  With your family group
                

                    Your child’s information, including their name, photo, email address, and Play purchases, may be shared with members of your family group on Google.
                  

                  For external processing
                

                    We provide personal information to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Notice, the Google Privacy Policy, and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
                  

                  For legal reasons
                

                    We will share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
                  


meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request;


enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations;


detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; or


protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users or the public as required or permitted by law.



                    We may also share non-personally identifiable information (such as trends about the general use of our services) publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services. We also allow specific partners to collect information from browsers or devices for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
                  




Access to Your Child’s Personal Information
If your child has a Google Account, you can access, update, remove, export, and restrict the processing of your child’s information by signing into their Google Account. If you do not remember your child’s password, you can reset it through the Family Link app or Family Link settings on the web. Once signed in, you can use the various controls described in the Google Privacy Policy, such as Google activity controls, to help manage your child’s privacy settings and information.
If your child has a profile, you can access, update, remove, export, and restrict the processing of your child’s information through the Family Link app or Family Link settings on the web.
Your child will have the ability to delete their past activity in “My Activity,” and by default grant app permissions (including things like device location, microphone, or contacts) to third parties. You can also use Family Link to edit or modify your child’s Google Account or profile information, review app activity and app permissions, and manage your child’s ability to grant certain permissions to apps or third party services to access your child’s information.
If at any time you wish to stop further collection or use of your child's information, you can delete your child’s Google Account or profile by clicking ”Delete account” or “Delete profile” on your child’s Account or Profile Info page in the Family Link app or Family Link settings on the web. Your child’s account or profile information will be permanently deleted within a reasonable period of time.




Contact Us
If you have any questions about your child’s Google Account or profile, don’t hesitate to contact us. We’re here to help. You can find additional information about Family Link and your child’s Google Account or profile in our help center. You can also send us feedback about Family Link or your child’s Google Account or profile in the Family Link app by tapping Menu ☰ > Help & Feedback > Send feedback, or by contacting us by email or at the address below.
Google
1600 Amphitheatre Parkway
Mountain View, CA 94043 USA
Phone: +1 855 696 1131 (USA)
For other countries, visit g.co/FamilyLink/Contact
If you have questions about how Google collects and uses your child’s data, you can contact Google and our data protection office. You can also contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
















              Privacy
            



              Terms
            



              About Google
            



              Google Products
            



              Disclosure
            



              Help Center
            




Change language or region


              Afrikaans
            

              English
            

              አማርኛ
            

              العربية
            

              Azərbaycan Dili
            

              Беларуская
            

              Български
            

              বাংলা
            

              Català
            

              Čeština
            

              Dansk
            

              Deutsch
            

              Ελληνικά
            

              English (United Kingdom)
            

              Español (Latinoamérica)
            

              Español
            

              Eesti
            

              Euskara
            

              فارسی
            

              Suomi
            

              Filipino
            

              Français
            

              Galego
            

              ગુજરાતી
            

              हिन्दी
            

              Hrvatski
            

              Magyar
            

              Հայերեն
            

              Indonesia
            

              Íslenska
            

              Italiano
            

              עברית (ישראל)
            

              日本語
            

              ქართული
            

              Қазақ Тілі
            

              ខ្មែរ
            

              ಕನ್ನಡ
            

              한국어
            

              Кыргызча
            

              ລາວ
            

              Lietuvių
            

              Latviešu
            

              Македонски
            

              മലയാളം
            

              Монгол
            

              मराठी
            

              Bahasa Melayu
            

              ဗမာ
            

              नेपाली
            

              Nederlands
            

              Norsk Bokmål (Norge)
            

              ਪੰਜਾਬੀ
            

              Polski
            

              Português (Brasil)
            

              Português (Portugal)
            

              Română
            

              Русский
            

              සිංහල
            

              Slovenčina
            

              Slovenščina
            

              Shqip
            

              Српски
            

              Svenska
            

              Kiswahili
            

              தமிழ்
            

              తెలుగు
            

              ไทย
            

              Türkçe
            

              Українська
            

              اردو
            

              O‘zbek
            

              Tiếng Việt
            

              中文 (简体)
            

              中文 (繁體)
            

              Isizulu
            



































































































































 









