Terms of Service - Google FiSkip to contentHomePlansPhonesCoverageSign inJoin FiSave up to $600 when you choose the Samsung Galaxy S22 Series. Order nowSkip to contentHomePlansPhonesCoverageSign inJoin FiTerms of serviceWelcome to Google FiGoogle Fi products and services ("Services") are provided by Google North America Inc. ("Google Fi" or "We"), located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States, a wholly owned subsidiary of Google LLC ("Google").These Google Fi Terms of Service ("Terms") include the language below, the Electronic Communications Policy, Network Policy, Privacy Notice, Acceptable Use Policy, Subscription Information, and other policies that we make available to you at google.com/fi ("Google Fi Website") or via our mobile application ("Google Fi Application"). Device purchases from Google Fi are also subject to the Terms of Sale for Devices, and if you choose to pay for a device monthly with Google Fi, the Pay Monthly Device Plan Terms and Conditions.If you sign up or use the Services, you agree to these Terms. By agreeing to these Terms, you represent that you are capable of entering into a legally binding agreement. Also, you agree that if you allow others to access or use the Services, you will be responsible for all activity on the Services, whether such activity is undertaken by you or someone else.For group plans on Google Fi ("Group Plans"), you understand and agree that depending on the role of each Group Plan user, the user will have certain access and ability to manage accounts under the Group Plan. The creator of the Group Plan or the user later authorized as the owner of the Group Plan ("Owner") may authorize users to be managers of the Group Plan ("Managers"). The Owner and Managers can see activity and manage accounts for all users of the Group Plan, including adding, pausing, and canceling accounts and setting data limits. Each user of the Group Plan ("Member") can manage their own account within the limits set by the Owner and Managers, including adding devices, pausing and canceling their account, and transferring their phone number(s). If you are the Owner, you agree to be responsible for all activities and charges associated with the Group Plan, including charges for all users and devices under the Group Plan. If you are not the Owner, you understand and agree that your access to the Services depends upon the Owner's compliance with these Terms. You must be at least eighteen years old to be the user of an individual account or the Owner or a Manager of a Group Plan with multiple accounts, and the Owner and Managers can see such eligibility for all users in Group Plan settings.Communicating with UsWe may be required to provide certain disclosures, notices and communications (collectively "Communications") to you in written form as part of the Services. You agree and consent to receive electronically all Communications that we may provide you in connection with your Google Fi account and your use of the Services. Please see the Electronic Communications Policy for more information.Google AccountYou must have an active Google Account to use the Services, and we will associate your Google Fi account with your Google Account. If you do not already have a Google Account at the time that you sign up for the Services, you will be required to create one. Your Google Account is subject to the Google Terms of Service. Please be aware that any suspension or termination of your Google Account may cause your Google Fi account to also be suspended or terminated.Using the ServicesIn order to use the Services, you must subscribe to an active voice service plan and keep your Google Fi account in good standing. An account is in good standing when all charges for the Services that are due are paid in full and your designated payment method for the Services is valid. For more information about the Google Fi services and charges, please see the Subscription Information.The Services are offered only to residents of the United States. The Services must be primarily used in the United States (territories not included) and are not intended for extended international use. Further, the Services are designed for use predominantly within our network. If your usage outside our network is excessive, abnormally high, or cause us to incur too much cost, we may, at our option and sole discretion, suspend your Google Fi account, terminate your service, or limit your use of roaming.You agree not to misuse the Services, which includes using the Services for purposes that are illegal, are improper, infringe the rights of others, or adversely impact others' enjoyment of the Services. You agree to keep your service active. Repeated or extended pausing may result, at our option and sole discretion, suspension of your Google Fi account, or limitation of your use of pausing.The Services are intended for personal use only, and you may not resell the Services directly or indirectly, except as explicitly approved by us in writing. Please see the Acceptable Use Policy for more information, including examples of misuse.Using the Services does not give you ownership of any intellectual property rights in our Services or the content you access. You may not use content you access using the Services unless you obtain permission from its owner or are otherwise permitted by law. These terms do not grant you the right to use any branding or logos used in the Services. Don't remove, obscure, or alter any legal notices displayed in or along with the Services.Billing and PaymentThe Services aren't free, so we do need the following commitments from you if you are responsible for paying for the Services (e.g., the user of an individual account or the Owner of a Group Plan with multiple accounts):You agree to pay all applicable charges for the Services you use, whether ordered by you, someone authorized by you, or someone with access to your Services or accounts.You agree to pay recurring monthly charges in advance of the billing cycle in which you will receive the Services. We will bill one-time charges in the billing cycle following your authorization of such charges.You authorize us to automatically collect payments of all charges associated with use of the Services from your designated payment method. Along with your bill, we will notify you of the date that the amount you owe will be collected via your designated payment method. We will send all bills and other required notices by email to the address associated with your account. We may also make them available in your account via the Google Fi Website or the Google Fi Application. Bills are typically emailed or otherwise made available to you one to two days after the end of your billing cycle. We reserve the right to amend or correct any bill within 180 days following the date we issue that bill.If payment is not received due to insufficient funds or for any other reason, we may, consistent with applicable laws, assess late payment fees, suspend, and/or limit the Services. To bring your accounts back into good standing, you will be required to pay all outstanding amounts for your services that are due and unpaid. We may also terminate your accounts. If we terminate your accounts, any unused services will be forfeited. We reserve the right to send unpaid bills to third party collection agencies.You must have a valid Google Payments account and use Google Payments for payment transactions relating to the Services. If you do not already have a Google Payments account at the time that you sign up for the Services, you will be required to create one. Please be aware that your use of Google Payments is subject to its Terms of Service and Privacy Policy (which incorporates the Google Privacy Policy by reference), to which you must agree to utilize Google Payments's services. Google Fi is not responsible for any third party charges you may incur in connection with your Google Payments account, credit card, or other payment method.Please see the Subscription Information to learn more about usage fees, billing cycles, disputing your bill, and other information about managing your Google Fi accounts.Important Information about 911 and Emergency AlertsCalling 911. When making calls to a public-safety answering point (PSAP) from a  mobile device, such as dialing 911, you should always be prepared to provide your location and your phone number. Unlike calls from a traditional wireline phone, a PSAP may not know the emergency caller's location or phone number. Although some local emergency authorities have enabled enhanced 911 services ("E911" or "Enhanced 911") that use Global Positioning Satellites ("GPS") or other methods to determine callers' locations, E911 does not always provide accurate location information. If your mobile device is indoors, cannot acquire a satellite signal, or otherwise cannot obtain your location, your location may not be automatically delivered to the PSAP. Also, the process of porting a phone number may limit the Services such that we may not be able to provide location services to PSAP during that time.Calls to 911 over Wi-Fi or a data connection also operate differently than traditional wireline calls to 911. Calls to 911 over Wi-Fi or data may not connect to the PSAP or may improperly ring to the administrative line of the PSAP, which may not be staffed after hours, or by trained 911 operators. If your call connects to a PSAP, your location information and phone number may not be transmitted, and you may need to provide your location and other information to the PSAP. Calls to 911 may be limited or unavailable if your device is set to Wi-Fi only mode and you are experiencing a power outage, any disruption in your Wi-Fi service, or if you are otherwise unable to access the Internet. If you would like to print a warning label for your device about the limitations of this service, you can view and print one here.If you are deaf, hard of hearing, or speech disabled and need to reach emergency services, call 911 directly using TTY or a telecommunications relay service. Where possible, do not rely on 711 in the event of an emergency.If you have multiple devices associated with your Google Fi number and you make an emergency call to 911, any calls back to you from the PSAP may ring each of your associated devices.Please be aware that, in providing you the Services, we may assign your device other phone numbers in addition to your personal phone number. If you make a 911 call, the 911 operator may see a phone number that is different from your personal phone number. There may be instances when the PSAP might not be able to call you back.Place of Primary Use. In order to use the Services, you are required to register a physical address with us that may be used to route emergency calls and services if your location isn't immediately known. This address should be the place where you expect to primarily use the Services. It is important that you review and update this address as needed. For Group Plans, this address is initially set from the Owner's address for all users by default, but you should update this address if your primary place of use is different. You can update this address at any time on the Google Fi Website or Google Fi Application. You will have to log into your Google Fi account in order to make changes. We will not accept P.O. Box addresses. Learn more about updating your place of primary use address here. You may also reach out to customer support.Text-to-911. Text-to-911 is the ability to send a text message to reach PSAPs from your mobile phone or device. Currently, the Services do not support text-to-911 sent over a Wi-Fi network. If your device is set to Wi-Fi only mode, you cannot reach PSAPs by sending a text message. In the event of an emergency, you should make a voice call (or TTY) to 911 when possible.Emergency Alerts. Emergency alerts can be enabled or disabled in your device settings. Even if enabled, Cell Broadcast, Emergency Alert System, and Wireless Priority Services messages are not always able to be sent to your device. Be aware that your device may not receive these messages if your device is set to Wi-Fi only mode or no cellular signal is available. If you set the device volume to low or vibrate only, your device may receive these messages but you may not receive an alert sound.Emergency Services Outside the United States. When you are traveling outside the United States, you may not be able to reach PSAPs by dialing 911. Where possible, we will attempt to reroute 911 calls to emergency services located in the country from which you are calling. Emergency calling is not available in all countries and may not be reliable where it is available.Coverage and Quality of ServicesOur coverage maps only approximate our anticipated wireless coverage area outdoors under optimal conditions. The actual service area, coverage, speed, and quality of service may fluctuate based on numerous factors such as signal strength, network congestion or capacity, hardware limitations, software, server speeds of the websites, portals or other locations on the Internet that you use, the weather and any other factors that are beyond our control. Outages and interruptions in the Services may occur, and Services, including calls or attempted calls to emergency services like 911 calls, may be interrupted or fail. The Services that rely on location information, such as E911 or GPS navigation, may depend on network coverage and may depend on your device's ability to acquire satellite signals (typically not available indoors) or cell antenna sites. We do not warrant or guarantee that the Services will be available at any specific time or geographic location or that the Services will be provided without interruption or at any particular quality level. As we improve the Services, coverage maps may change over time.Network ManagementWe are committed to providing an excellent user experience that supports any lawful product, service, or application that its subscribers choose to access through the Services. To do so, we engage in reasonable network management practices. Please see the Network Policy for more information about those network management practices.PrivacyWe take your privacy seriously. You understand and agree that information provided to and collected by Google Fi in connection with the Services is subject to the Google Privacy Policy and the Google Fi Privacy Notice. The Google Fi Privacy Notice provides information about how we use your data and your Customer Proprietary Network Information rights. To learn about the steps that Google Fi takes to protect your information, please see the main Google Privacy Policy.Keeping Your Account SecureThe security of your Google Fi account depends on you keeping your Google Account password confidential and securing access to your device connected to your account. It is your responsibility to control access to your device and your account, including enabling a lock screen on your device and keeping your passwords confidential. If you share your account information or device with a third party, they may have access to your account and your personal information. It is also your responsibility to alert us if you believe that the security of the information in your account has been compromised.About Data Services & Data ContentThe Services may display or allow you to access third party content, such as text, pictures, video, games, graphics, music, email, applications, sound, and other materials ("Data Content") or send Data Content elsewhere. Data Content may be: (1) unsuitable for children/minors; (2) unreliable or inaccurate; or (3) offensive, indecent, or objectionable. You're solely responsible for evaluating the Data Content accessed by you or anyone through your Services. Data Content may also harm your device or its software. We are not responsible for any Data Content. Data Content is the sole responsibility of the entity that makes it available. We may review Data Content to determine whether it is illegal or violates our policies, and we may remove or refuse to display Data Content that we reasonably believe violates our policies or the law. But that does not necessarily mean that we review content, so please don't assume that we do.Modifying the Terms and Service PlansWe may modify these Terms and any additional terms that apply to the Services to, for example, reflect changes to the law or changes to the Services. We will post the changes on the Google Fi Website. We will provide you with notice of material changes and may provide you notice of non-material changes. Changes will not apply retroactively and will become effective no sooner than fourteen (14) days after they are posted on the Google Fi Website or otherwise made available to you, except that changes addressing new functions for a Service or changes made for legal reasons will be effective immediately. If you are unhappy with any change we make, you may cancel your Services at any time.Cancelling Your ServicesYou may cancel the Services at any time. If you are responsible for paying for the Services (e.g., the user of an individual account or the Owner of a Group Plan with multiple accounts), in the event of cancellation, you agree to pay the balance of any outstanding charges remaining at time of cancellation. You also agree to pay any additional bill that we provide you after cancellation for charges you incurred while your Google Fi accounts were active, but that had not yet been billed to your accounts at the time of cancellation. If your accounts are in good standing, depending on your Google Fi plan, we may provide you a prorated refund for unused Services. Learn how to cancel your Services here.Our Warranties and DisclaimersWe provide the Services using a commercially reasonable level of skill and care and we hope that you will enjoy using them. But there are certain things that we do not promise about our Services.OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY SET OUT IN THE TERMS OR IN A SEPARATE AGREEMENT PROVIDED TO YOU BY GOOGLE FI OR AN AGENT THEREOF, NEITHER GOOGLE FI NOR ITS SUPPLIERS OR DISTRIBUTORS MAKE ANY SPECIFIC PROMISES ABOUT THE SERVICES PROVIDED TO YOU BY GOOGLE FI, ITS DISTRIBUTORS, OR SUPPLIERS. FOR EXAMPLE, WE DON'T MAKE ANY COMMITMENTS ABOUT THE CONTENT WITHIN THE SERVICES, THE SPECIFIC FUNCTION OF THE SERVICES, OR THEIR RELIABILITY, AVAILABILITY, OR ABILITY TO MEET YOUR NEEDS. WE PROVIDE THE SERVICES AND EQUIPMENT "AS IS." SOME JURISDICTIONS PROVIDE FOR CERTAIN WARRANTIES, LIKE THE IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE EXCLUDE ALL WARRANTIES.Liability for the ServicesYou agree that neither we nor our affiliates, agents, employees, representatives, vendors, suppliers, licensors, or distributors are responsible for any damages resulting from any of the following:Anything done or not done by someone else;Providing or failing to provide the Services, including, but not limited to, deficiencies or problems with a device or network coverage (for example, dropped blocked, interrupted services, etc.);Traffic or other accidents, or any health-related claims relating to the Services;Data content or information accessed while using the Services;An interruption or failure in accessing or attempting to access emergency services from a device, including through 911, Enhanced 911, or otherwise;Interrupted, failed, or inaccurate location information services;Information or communication that is blocked by a spam filter;Unauthorized interception of your communications by a third party;Damage to your mobile device or any computer or equipment connected to your mobile device, or damage to or loss of any information stored on your device, computer or equipment from your use of the Services or from viruses, worms, or downloads of malicious content, materials, data, text, images, video, or audio;Incompatibilities with services, applications, or accessories; orThings beyond our control, including acts of God (for example, weather-related phenomena, fire, earthquake, hurricane, etc.), riot, strike, war, terrorism, or government orders or acts (collectively, "Force Majeure Events").WHEN PERMITTED BY LAW, GOOGLE FI AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND DISTRIBUTORS WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR LOST PROFITS, REVENUES, OR DATA, FINANCIAL LOSSES OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES.TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF GOOGLE FI FOR ANY CLAIMS UNDER THESE TERMS, INCLUDING FOR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES, IS LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT YOU PAID US TO USE THE SERVICES, AND THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF OUR SUPPLIERS AND DISTRIBUTORS IS $0.IN ALL CASES, GOOGLE FI AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND DISTRIBUTORS, WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE THAT IS NOT REASONABLY FORESEEABLE.IndemnificationIf you are using the Services on behalf of a business, that business accepts these terms. It will hold harmless and indemnify Google Fi and its affiliates, officers, agents, and employees from any claim, suit, or action arising from or related to the use of the Services or violation of these terms, by any person under its account(s), including any liability or expense arising from claims, losses, damages, suits, judgments, litigation costs, and attorneys' fees.About these TermsThese terms control the relationship between Google Fi and you. They do not create any third party beneficiary rights.If you do not comply with these terms, and we don't take action right away, this doesn't mean that we are giving up any rights that we may have (such as taking action in the future).If it turns out that a particular term is not enforceable, this will not affect any other terms.The laws of California, U.S.A., excluding California's conflict of laws rules, will apply to any disputes arising out of or relating to these terms or the Services. All claims arising out of or relating to these terms or the Services will be litigated exclusively in the federal or state courts of Santa Clara County, California, USA, and you and Google Fi consent to personal jurisdiction in those courts.Google Fi Electronic Communications PolicyWe may be required to provide certain disclosures, notices and communications (collectively "Communications") to you in written form. Pursuant to this Electronic Communications Policy, (the "Policy") we will deliver such Communications to you in electronic form. Your agreement to this Policy confirms your ability and consent to receive such Communications electronically, rather than in paper form.You agree and consent to receive electronically all Communications that we may provide you in connection with your Google Fi account and your use of the Services. Communications include:agreements and policies related to the Services, including updates to those agreements and policies;payment authorizations and transaction receipts or confirmations;account statements and history; andall other communications or documents related to or about your account, your purchases, and your use of the Services.Communications shall be deemed to be received by you upon delivery in any of the following manners:posting them to your online account; posting them on or in the Google Fi Website and Google Fi Application; emailing them to the email address associated with your account;communicating them to you via text message; or otherwise communicating them to you via the Services.In order to access and retain electronic Communications, you will need to maintain or have access to the following computer hardware and software at your own expense:a computer or mobile device with Internet or mobile connectivity;a current web browser that includes 128-bit encryption (e.g. Internet Explorer version 6.0 and above, Firefox version 2.0 and above, Chrome version 3.0 and above, or Safari 3.0 and above) with cookies enabled;software capable of opening documents in PDF format;access to the valid email address you used to create your Google Fi and Google Payments account registrations; and,sufficient storage space to save past Communications or a printer to print them.By consenting to this Policy, you confirm that you are able to meet the above requirements, and that you can receive, open, and print or save any Communications for your records. You should maintain copies of electronic Communications by printing paper copies or saving electronic copies, as applicable. Also, you may contact Google Fi to request another electronic copy of a Communication. We reserve the right to terminate your use of the Services if you decline or withdraw consent to receive electronic Communications.Google Fi Privacy NoticeThe Google Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google and its affiliates, including the Services. This Google Fi Privacy Notice provides additional information about how we collect and use personal information.Customer Proprietary Network InformationWe take protecting your Customer Proprietary Network Information or "CPNI" very seriously. In fact, federal law requires telecommunications providers, like Google Fi, to protect certain personal information that we generate or access in providing the Services to you. CPNI includes call details, call location information, and information about the rates and features of the Services that you use. CPNI does not include your name, address, or phone number. Here are the ways we protect your CPNI:Securing your CPNI.  We implement safeguards that are designed to protect your CPNI. We must authenticate you with a password or other permissible means before we disclose any CPNI.Using CPNI without your additional approval is limited to specific purposes. By using the Services, you allow us to use, disclose, and permit access to your CPNI without your additional approval only for the following limited purposes:To provide and offer services among the category of Services you're purchasing from us. This includes using CPNI in the normal course of business, such as to enable billing, customer service, and troubleshooting. This also includes related features such as call blocking, call return, repeat dialing, call waiting, caller ID, and call forwarding.To provide information services, such as Internet access and voicemail.To protect our rights and property.To protect our users and other carriers from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses of the Services.Comply with applicable laws and legal process.Any other purpose permitted by federal law.Using CPNI after you choose to opt in (by default you are opted out). From time to time, we may want to provide you information about Google communications- related services that are not among the category of services that you're already purchasing from us. You can opt in to receiving this information. You are not required to opt in and your decision not to opt in will not adversely affect how we provide you the Services that you're purchasing from us. Only if you opt in may we use your CPNI to market you Google communications-related services and share your CPNI with our affiliates and agents in order to provide you those services. Once you opt in, that opt in remains in effect until you affirmatively revoke your opt in or cancel the Services. Learn more about how to manage your opt-in here.Using CPNI with your additional approval. Except as provided above, we will not use, disclose, or permit access to your CPNI without your additional approval.Information we collectIn providing the Services to you, we may collect other information in addition to CPNI. However, our use of that information is also limited to specific purposes related to the Services. We may collect information listed in the Google Privacy Policy as well as information related to the Services such as:Account information. You may be asked to provide additional personal information, such as billing address, service address, or location. Also, in order to prevent unauthorized access to your account, we may require you to provide an email address, account password, and answers to security questions associated with your account before providing information to you about your account. In some cases, we may ask you to provide additional information to verify your identity.Network and Device Information.  We may collect information about your use of your mobile devices, our network, and the Services. This information includes:Usage Information. In providing Services to you, we maintain information about your calls, texts, and data usage, connectivity status, and information about the quantity, technical configuration, and type of the Services you use, as well as some other information found on your bill.Device Performance Information. We may collect information about the performance of the devices you use with the Services, such as any failure of the device to connect with our network, dropped calls, and battery usage.Location Data. When your device is turned on or when you use the Services, we may collect and process information about your actual location. This may include information about your current activity (e.g., driving, running, walking, etc.), which lets us know when you may be moving between different mobile and Wi-Fi networks.Wi-Fi Access. We may collect information about your usage of Wi-Fi services, the Wi-Fi networks that you use, and Wi-Fi networks that may be available to you. This may include information about the credentials you use to connect to Wi-Fi networks.Pay Monthly Device Plan Information. When you apply to purchase a device on the Pay Monthly Device Plan, we may collect information you provide us in connection with that application, such as your name, address, date of birth, Social Security number, or other information. We may ask you to send us additional information or to answer additional questions to help verify your identity. We may obtain information about you from a credit bureau or other data broker to determine if you meet our minimum requirements to qualify for the Pay Monthly Device Plan.Marketing Information.  We may obtain and use information (such as commercially available demographic, geographic, or interest information) about our users from outside sources for the purposes of marketing Google Fi.How we use the information we collectIn addition to the uses listed in the Google Privacy Policy, we use the information we collect to:Provide you the Services and enable your purchase of devices.Manage your access to the mobile networks and Wi-Fi networks available to you.Bill you and collect payment for the Services and devices that you purchased.Help you troubleshoot any issues you are experiencing with the Services, your device purchases, or your account.Verify your identity.Protect you or Google from fraud, phishing, or other misconduct.Send you information about the Services and the Pay Monthly Device Plan and offer you additional Google or Google Fi products and services in compliance with our obligations to protect your CPNI.If you apply to purchase a device under the Pay Monthly Device Plan, we review your information, including your credit information, to determine if you qualify for the Pay Monthly Device Plan.How we share informationSharing with third partiesWe will only share your personal information with other companies or individuals outside of Google Fi and our affiliates in the following circumstances:As permitted under the Google Privacy Policy.We may provide personal information to our trusted businesses or persons to provide you the Services based on our instructions and in compliance with the Google Fi Privacy Notice and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.If you applied to purchase a device on the Pay Monthly Device Plan, we may share certain information with a credit bureau or other data broker to obtain your credit information.Sharing with our affiliates.We share information with our affiliates, including Google LLC, to:Provide you the Services.Process your purchase of devices.Bill you and collect payment for the Services and devices that you purchased.Help you troubleshoot any issues you are experiencing with the Services, your device purchases, or your account.Verify your identity.Protect you or Google from fraud, phishing, or other misconduct.A few things to keep in mindInformation you may be sharing when you make phone callsWhen you place calls using the Services, your phone number may be displayed to the person you've called. If you do not wish to have your phone number displayed, you may choose to block the display of your phone number by dialing *67 prior to dialing the number of the person you wish to call. Blocking your phone number information in this manner does not prevent the display of your information when you dial certain business numbers, including 911 or toll-free numbers.Information you may be sharing when you use the InternetWe are committed to providing an excellent user experience that supports any lawful product, service, or application that its subscribers choose to access through the Services. To do so, Google Fi engages in reasonable network management practices. This Network Policy generally describes our network management practices and is subject to change at any time.Network ManagementWe use various network management techniques to protect our network, systems, equipment, services and users from harm, ensure reliable, quality services to our users, and improve our services. These network management practices can include:Using automated systems to analyze network traffic to detect and prevent the distribution of spam and malware.Allocating network resources amongst users and devices in manner that promotes the best experience for users.Limiting or suspending heavy, continuous usage that adversely impacts our network's performance or hinders access to our network. For example, we may automatically terminate any call that exceeds two hours in duration.Limiting or suspending usage that we reasonably suspect is unlawful, fraudulent, or does not comply with the Acceptable Use Policy.Restricting access to any telephone number and/or certain categories of telephone numbers (e.g., 9XX numbers other than 911), certain websites, portals, or any messages or content.Not providing calling capability, including connections to certain geographic locations and special services numbers.Limiting data speeds of users who use an excessive amount of data.To provide the Services, we also rely on networks, systems, equipment, and services provided by our suppliers. Our suppliers may also engage in their own network management techniques to protect their networks, systems, equipment, and services from harm, and such network management can impact the Services.RoamingWe may choose to allow users to roam (receive service from other networks) in our sole discretion. Whether we allow roaming depends on a number of factors, including the radio transmissions that devices can receive. We make no guarantee that roaming coverage will be available, and we are not responsible for roaming networks. Depending on your mobile device settings, you may automatically roam if there is a gap or interruption in coverage within our network area and roaming coverage areas. Limits on the amount of minutes, number of texts, and amount or speed of data services used while roaming may be applied. Certain Services or features may not be available in roaming coverage areas, and call quality may be lower while roaming. Google Fi reserves the right to deny roaming to any device at any time.Device ManagementYou may only use the Services with supported devices. A supported device is a device that conforms to all the following requirements:does not potentially harm the Services, our network, or our suppliers' networks;complies with Federal Communications Commission regulations;utilizes an operating system supported by Services; andis certified by us for use on our network.We will list supported devices on the Google Fi Website. Not all supported devices are the same, and the Services may perform differently on different devices. Also, some Services may not be available on all supported devices and operating systems, and some features will be available only on devices purchased from us. Modifications or customizations to your operating system could impact the performance or availability of the Services.We reserve the right to suspend any device that we reasonably determine is unsupported. Using an unsupported device may enable you to use third party services while roaming outside our network. If you use such third party services, you are responsible for all third party charges that you incur, and we may pass those charges to you as part of your bill. Third party charges may be substantially higher than the usage fees we charge for use of the Services within our network.We do not allow stolen devices to use the Services and reserve the right to deny providing services to any device that has been reported stolen or that we reasonably believe may be stolen.Telephone Numbers and IP AddressWhen you sign up for the Services, we may assign you a personal phone number (the "Personal Number"). We can change, reassign, or eliminate your Personal Number by giving you notice. We may also assign an Internet Protocol address ("IP Address") to your wireless device and can change, reassign, or eliminate your IP Address without giving you notice. You may not assign the Personal Number or IP Address to any wireless device, other equipment or to any other party except as approved by us.In addition to your Personal Number, we may assign your device other phone numbers (each an "Additional Phone Number"). We use these Additional Phone Numbers to operate and manage the Services, and they may not be made apparent to you. We can change, reassign, or eliminate any Additional Phone Number at any time in our discretion without giving you notice.You may port your Personal Number to another carrier at any time while your Google Fi account is still active. Please be aware that, once the Personal Number for any device has been ported out, it will no longer be able to use the Services. Consequently, we may treat any request to transfer a Personal Number to another carrier as a request for cancellation. We don't guarantee that any porting of numbers to or from us will be successful.Software UpdatesIn order to provide you the Services, we provide you software on your device. We may automatically update that software on your device once a new version or feature is available. These changes could affect your stored data or how you have programmed or use your wireless device.Google Fi gives you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable and non-exclusive license to use the software provided to you by us as part of the Services. This license is for the sole purpose of enabling you to use and enjoy the benefit of the Services as provided by Google Fi, in the manner permitted by these terms. You may not copy, modify, distribute, sell, or lease any part of our Services or included software, nor may you reverse engineer or attempt to extract the source code of that software, unless laws prohibit those restrictions or you have our written permission.Open source software is important to us. Some software used in the Services may be offered under an open source license that we will make available to you. There may be provisions in the open source license that expressly override some of these terms.Suspected FraudIn certain circumstances, a supplier on which we rely may terminate your Services immediately if that supplier detects fraud. In such circumstances, we do not have control over the termination but will work with you to restore Services if you believe it was done in error. If we suspect fraudulent activity with any of the devices on your Google Fi account, we will notify you of the potential fraud. We may also suspend your device from using some or all of the Services.Information about SecurityWe make an effort to keep our network secure, but no network's security is perfect. You should be sure to take whatever steps you believe are necessary to ensure that your data is not accessed by unauthorized third parties. Please be aware of the following:Device Storage. Your device may contain sensitive or personal information. Google Fi is not responsible for any information on your device, including sensitive or personal information. You should remove or otherwise safeguard any sensitive or personal information when your device is out of your possession or control, including, but not limited to, relinquishing, exchanging, returning, or recycling your device.Third-Party Applications.  Use of applications or services provided, offered, and/or controlled by someone other than Google Fi ("Third Party Applications") is not governed by these Terms and may be subject to separate agreement between you and the third party provider. Third Party Applications may access, collect, use, or disclose your personal information, including location information, as a result of your agreement to the installation and use of those applications. Google Fi has no responsibility for Third Party Applications.Unauthorized Interception.  Although it may be illegal for unauthorized people to intercept wireless device calls intended for others, Google Fi cannot guarantee the complete privacy of your calls. Wireless calls by nature may be intercepted by third parties. GOOGLE FI SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY INTERCEPTION BY THIRD PARTIES OF COMMUNICATIONS FROM ITS SYSTEM.Copyright IssuesWe respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement according to the process set out in the U.S. Digital Millennium Copyright Act. If you think somebody is violating your copyrights and want to notify us, you can find information about submitting notices here.Google Fi Network PolicyWe are committed to providing an excellent user experience that supports any lawful product, service, or application that its subscribers choose to access through the Services. To do so, Google Fi engages in reasonable network management practices. This Network Policy generally describes our network management practices and is subject to change at any time.Network ManagementWe use various network management techniques to protect our network, systems, equipment, services and users from harm, ensure reliable, quality services to our users, and improve our services. These network management practices can include:Using automated systems to analyze network traffic to detect and prevent the distribution of spam and malware.Allocating network resources amongst users and devices in a manner that promotes the best experience for users.Limiting or suspending heavy, continuous usage that adversely impacts our network's performance or hinders access to our network. For example, we may automatically terminate any call that exceeds two hours in duration.Limiting or suspending usage that we reasonably suspect is unlawful, fraudulent, or does not comply with the Acceptable Use Policy.Restricting access to any telephone number and/or certain categories of telephone numbers (e.g., 9XX numbers other than 911), certain websites, portals, or any messages or content.Not providing calling capability, including connections to certain geographic locations and special services numbers.Limiting data speeds of users who use an excessive amount of data.To provide the Services, we also rely on networks, systems, equipment, and services provided by our suppliers. Our suppliers may also engage in their own network management techniques to protect their networks, systems, equipment, and services from harm, and such network management can impact the Services.RoamingWe may choose to allow users to roam (receive service from other networks) in our sole discretion. Whether we allow roaming depends on a number of factors, including the radio transmissions that devices can receive. We make no guarantee that roaming coverage will be available, and we are not responsible for roaming networks. Depending on your mobile device settings, you may automatically roam if there is a gap or interruption in coverage within our network area and roaming coverage areas. Limits on the amount of minutes, number of texts, and amount or speed of data services used while roaming may be applied. Certain Services or features may not be available in roaming coverage areas, and call quality may be lower while roaming. Google Fi reserves the right to deny roaming to any device at any time.Device ManagementYou may only use the Services with supported devices. A supported device is a device that conforms to all the following requirements:does not potentially harm the Services, our network, or our suppliers' networks;complies with Federal Communications Commission regulations;utilizes an operating system supported by Services; andis certified by us for use on our network.We will list supported devices on the Google Fi Website. Not all supported devices are the same, and the Services may perform differently on different devices. Also, some Services may not be available on all supported devices and operating systems, and some features will be available only on devices purchased from us. Modifications or customizations to your operating system could impact the performance or availability of the Services.We reserve the right to suspend any device that we reasonably determine is unsupported. Using an unsupported device may enable you to use third party services while roaming outside our network. If you use such third party services, you are responsible for all third party charges that you incur, and we may pass those charges to you as part of your bill. Third party charges may be substantially higher than the usage fees we charge for use of the Services within our network.We do not allow stolen devices to use the Services and reserve the right to deny providing services to any device that has been reported stolen or that we reasonably believe may be stolen.Telephone Numbers and IP AddressWhen you sign up for the Services, we may assign you a personal phone number (the "Personal Number"). We can change, reassign, or eliminate your Personal Number by giving you notice. We may also assign an Internet Protocol address ("IP Address") to your wireless device and can change, reassign, or eliminate your IP Address without giving you notice. You may not assign the Personal Number or IP Address to any wireless device, other equipment or to any other party except as approved by us.In addition to your Personal Number, we may assign your device other phone numbers (each an "Additional Phone Number"). We use these Additional Phone Numbers to operate and manage the Services, and they may not be made apparent to you. We can change, reassign, or eliminate any Additional Phone Number at any time in our discretion without giving you notice.You may port your Personal Number to another carrier at any time while your Google Fi account is still active. Please be aware that, once the Personal Number for any device has been ported out, it will no longer be able to use the Services. Consequently, we may treat any request to transfer a Personal Number to another carrier as a request for cancellation. We don't guarantee that any porting of numbers to or from us will be successful.Software UpdatesIn order to provide you the Services, we provide you software on your device. We may automatically update that software on your device once a new version or feature is available. These changes could affect your stored data or how you have programmed or use your wireless device.Google Fi gives you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable and non-exclusive license to use the software provided to you by us as part of the Services. This license is for the sole purpose of enabling you to use and enjoy the benefit of the Services as provided by Google Fi, in the manner permitted by these terms. You may not copy, modify, distribute, sell, or lease any part of our Services or included software, nor may you reverse engineer or attempt to extract the source code of that software, unless laws prohibit those restrictions or you have our written permission.Open source software is important to us. Some software used in the Services may be offered under an open source license that we will make available to you. There may be provisions in the open source license that expressly override some of these terms.Suspected FraudIn certain circumstances, a supplier on which we rely may terminate your Services immediately if that supplier detects fraud. In such circumstances, we do not have control over the termination but will work with you to restore Services if you believe it was done in error. If we suspect fraudulent activity with any of the devices on your Google Fi account, we will notify you of the potential fraud. We may also suspend your device from using some or all of the Services.Information about SecurityWe make an effort to keep our network secure, but no network's security is perfect. You should be sure to take whatever steps you believe are necessary to ensure that your data is not accessed by unauthorized third parties. Please be aware of the following:Device Storage. Your device may contain sensitive or personal information. Google Fi is not responsible for any information on your device, including sensitive or personal information. You should remove or otherwise safeguard any sensitive or personal information when your device is out of your possession or control, including, but not limited to, relinquishing, exchanging, returning, or recycling your device.Third-Party Applications. Use of applications or services provided, offered, and/or controlled by someone other than Google Fi ("Third Party Applications") is not governed by these Terms and may be subject to separate agreement between you and the third party provider. Third Party Applications may access, collect, use, or disclose your personal information, including location information, as a result of your agreement to the installation and use of those applications. Google Fi has no responsibility for Third Party Applications.Unauthorized Interception. Although it may be illegal for unauthorized people to intercept wireless device calls intended for others, Google Fi cannot guarantee the complete privacy of your calls. Wireless calls by nature may be intercepted by third parties. GOOGLE FI SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY INTERCEPTION BY THIRD PARTIES OF COMMUNICATIONS FROM ITS SYSTEM.Copyright IssuesWe respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement according to the process set out in the U.S. Digital Millennium Copyright Act. If you think somebody is violating your copyrights and want to notify us, you can find information about submitting notices here.Google Fi Acceptable Use PolicyRestrictions on Use of the ServicesDon't misuse the Services. For example, don't interfere with the Services or try to access them using a method other than the interface and the instructions that we provide. You may use the Services only as permitted by law and in a manner that complies with this Acceptable Use Policy. We may suspend or stop providing the Services to you if you do not comply with our terms or policies, the terms or policies of our affiliates, or if we are investigating suspected misconduct. Do not use the Services in a way that distracts you and prevents you from obeying traffic or safety laws.You agree not to use or allow third parties to use the Services provided to you for any of the following purposes:To violate or encourage the violation of the legal rights of others.For any unlawful, invasive, infringing, defamatory, or fraudulent purpose.To intentionally distribute viruses, worms, Trojan horses, corrupted files, hoaxes, or other items of a destructive or deceptive nature.To generate or facilitate transmitting unsolicited, automated, bulk or commercial calls, email, or texts via the Services.To resell the Services directly or indirectly, except as explicitly approved by us writing.To access, or attempt to access without authority, the information, accounts or devices of others, or to penetrate, or attempt to penetrate, our network or another entity's network or systems.To interfere with the use of the Services or the equipment used to provide the Services by customers or other authorized users.To alter, disable, interfere with, or circumvent any aspect of the Services, including but not limited to security features of the Services.Recording ConversationsWe may provide a function that allows you to record individual telephone conversations. The laws regarding the notice and notification requirements of such recorded conversations vary by state to state. You are responsible for applying the local laws in the relevant jurisdiction when using this feature.Google Fi Subscription InformationOverview of the ServicesDescriptions of the Services are provided below. As we are constantly changing and improving our Services, we may add or remove functionalities or features, and we may suspend or stop a Service altogether at any time, in our sole discretion. We believe that you own your data and preserving your access to such data is important. If we discontinue a Service, where reasonably possible, we will give you reasonable advance notice and a chance to get information out of that Service. All Services are subject to our network management practices. Please note that the features of the Services may not be the same as the features of the services offered by our suppliers.Calls & texts. Calls & texts are available for a recurring flat monthly fee and provides the following:Unlimited number of voice minutes within the United States.Unlimited Wi-Fi calling within the United States.Unlimited Wi-Fi calling to the United States when you travel in certain countries.Unlimited number of SMS and MMS texts within the United States and the Supported Countries and Territories.24/7 Live Support.If you have multiple devices associated with your Google Fi number, your unlimited calling and texting capabilities may be limited to your calls & texts Device.The Supported Countries and Territories are those countries where Google Fi makes its Services available for use when you are traveling in those countries. Over time, we may include additional countries within the Supported Countries and Territories. We may also remove countries at any time. We provide a list of the Supported Countries and Territories on the Google Fi Website.Data Usage. Data usage includes web browsing, application usage, downloading content (like applications, games, etc.), ringtones and similar activities. If applications running in the background use your data connection, such usage will be accounted as part of your data usage. Data usage is available to you as follows:Depending on your Google Fi plan, we may charge you for unlimited data usage in advance of your data usage, or we may charge you for data you have used in 1 MB increments. For plans with unlimited data usage, certain categories of data usage like video may be managed at a particular speed or resolution. For plans with Bill Protection, we will not charge you for data usage beyond certain amounts, which depend on the number of users in your plan. For all plans, users who exceed a specified amount of data usage (across all their devices) will have their data speeds slowed for the remainder of their billing cycle, unless they opt out and choose to be charged for additional data usage at full speeds.International Calling. Wi-Fi calling to the United States is included as part of calls & texts without an additional fee. All other calls between two different countries (such as cellular calls placed between the United States and another country and Wi-Fi calls between non-US countries) will be charged on a rate per minute basis. Calls will be rounded up to the nearest minute, unless your Google Fi plan provides otherwise. The applicable rates vary per country.About Usage Fees for ServicesWe will provide information about our usage fees and rates on the Google Fi Website or the Google Fi Application. The details, prices, and allowances of the Services may change at any time. The type of fees that you incur will vary depending on the Services you choose to use.We charge three different types of usage fees for the Services:Monthly Recurring Fees. Some Services, like calls & texts, are available for a monthly recurring fee. For any Services with a recurring monthly fee, those fees must be paid in advance of the month in which you will receive the Services. If a monthly recurring fee for a Service that you have subscribed to is changed, the change will be effective at the next billing cycle, and you will receive notification of the pending change.One-Time Fees. Some Services, like calls from the United States to other countries, are available for a specific fee or rate per use. We will bill one-time charges in the next billing cycle following your authorization of such charges. There may be some instances, due to delay in our systems, where the charges appear in a later billing cycle.Additional Fees. Depending upon the Services used by you, there may be additional charges for calls to or from certain locations, including without limitation payphones and areas within extended calling zones. There may also be applicable charges for any special or enhanced services you use.About Taxes, Surcharges, and Other FeesIn addition to usage fees, you agree to pay all applicable taxes, surcharges, and other fees.A Note about Surcharges. Surcharges are not taxes, and we are not required by law to assess them. We choose, in our discretion, to collect surcharges from you to recover certain costs. We determine the amount of each surcharge, and that amount is subject to change without notice, as are the components used to calculate that amount. Examples of surcharges include, but are not limited to, Federal and State Universal Service fees, and regulatory and administrative fees.Managing Your Google Fi AccountBilling Cycles. If you are responsible for paying for the Services (e.g., the user of an individual account or the Owner of a Group Plan with multiple accounts), when you first establish your Google Fi account, you will approve your initial purchase of monthly recurring fees and authorize automatic monthly charges via Google Payments. Your billing cycle for all subsequent months will commence on the day that you activate the first device on your Google Fi account plus two days (the "Cycle Start Day"), except that if that day falls on the 1st, 28th, 29th, 30th, or 31st of any month, in which case your Cycle Start Day will be moved forward to the 2nd of all subsequent months. For example, if the activation of the first device on your account occurs on March 26, 27, 28, 29, or 30, your Cycle Start Day will be April 2nd. Subsequent monthly billing cycles will automatically renew on the Cycle Start Day of each subsequent month.Disputing Charges. If you believe you were incorrectly charged by us, you must dispute those charges in writing within 180 days of the date we charge your account. You accept all charges not properly disputed within the above time period.Lost or Stolen Devices. If your device is lost or stolen, notify us immediately by calling customer support. We reserve the right to hold you liable for all charges and fees incurred by your device until you have notified us of the alleged loss or theft and until such time as we can deactivate the device. If we choose to investigate a lost or stolen device, you agree to cooperate in our investigation. Once a device is reasonably determined to be lost or stolen, we may report the device to third party services that track lost or stolen devices and prevent service from being activated on the device.Suspension and Termination of Your Google Fi AccountIn certain circumstances, we may suspend or terminate your Google Fi account in accordance with these Terms. For example, we may suspend or terminate your account if there is a late payment, suspected fraud, or we determine there is a violation of these Terms. We may also suspend or terminate your account if your Google Account or Google Payments account is suspended or terminated. If your Google Fi account is suspended for any reason, you cannot make use of the Services for any purpose except for placing calls to emergency services. When your account is terminated, all devices will be disassociated from your account and may permanently lose the current telephone numbers associated with such devices. Even if you later bring your account into good standing, we will likely not be able to provide you with the telephone numbers that were associated with your devices prior to when your account was terminated.Pay Monthly Device PlanPay Monthly Device Plan Terms and ConditionsThese Pay Monthly Device Plan Terms and Conditions ("Plan Terms"), apply between you and Google North America Inc. (referred to as "Google Fi" or "We"), located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States, when you purchase an eligible device ("Device") under the Pay Monthly Device Plan.Please carefully read these Plan Terms. By purchasing a Device under the Pay Monthly Device Plan, you are agreeing to these Plan Terms. If you do not understand the Plan Terms or do not accept any part of them, do not place an order.We reserve the right to change the terms of this offer or revoke this offer at any time.Pay Monthly Device PlanUnder the Pay Monthly Device Plan, you may purchase a Device and pay for the full price of the Device with a one-time down payment and 24 monthly payments in accordance with the following schedule:Down Payment, Shipping, and Taxes The down payment, shipping charges, and applicable taxes for the full price of the Device will be due at the time you purchase a Device. We will provide you details about the amount of the down payment, shipping charges, and taxes prior to purchase.When Monthly Payments Are Due.  The first monthly payment will be due when you activate the Device. You must activate your Device and associate it with your Google Fi account no later than 30 days after purchase. The twenty-three (23) subsequent payments will be due on a monthly basis until the remaining balance is $0. A bill for each payment will be included as part of the billing statements you receive for Google Fi services. You will receive a bill for each payment even if you have suspended your Google Fi services or your Google Fi account. Failure to timely activate your Device may cause you to be in default.Finance Charges.  As part of the Pay Monthly Device Plan, we will not charge you any finance or interest charges.Late Charges.  No late charges will be assessed under these Plan Terms.Credit Card Charges.  You are responsible for any finance or interest charges or fees that your credit card provider or other issuer of payment method may apply. You agree that Google Fi is not responsible or liable for any fees you incur in connection with your credit card or otherwise due to you having insufficient funds.Early Termination and Pre-Payment. If any of the conditions below are not met or you elect to pay off the full remaining balance of your Device at any time, the charge for that balance will appear on your next billing statement.Pre-Authorized ChargesUpon purchase of the Device and selection of a payment method registered in your Google Payments account, you authorize Google Fi to:Charge the down payment (including any shipping charges and taxes) to your designated payment method in your Google Payments account.Automatically charge all subsequent payments (including any taxes) to your designated payment method in your Google Payments account in accordance with your monthly billing cycle for the Google Fi services.Charge the remaining balance to your designated payment method in your Google Payments account if you are in default.ConditionsYou must be qualified. This offer is only available to qualified US residents over 18 years of age. We may make this offer available to you only after we have reviewed your credit information and determined that you have qualified for this offer. To determine if you qualify for the Pay Monthly Device Plan, you may be required to provide information such as your name, address, and your Social Security number, and we may share that information with a third party to check your credit information, including your credit score. Inquiries into your credit information may impact your credit score.You must have an active Google Fi account with voice and text services. This offer is only available to persons who have agreed to the Google Fi Terms of Service. You agree to maintain a Google Fi plan with voice and text services, with us for this Device.You must have a Google Payments account. You must maintain a Google Payments account and use it to make payments for the Device. Google Payments account is free to set up and if you do not have one you will be directed to Google Payments before you can check out. Your use of Google Payments is subject to the Google Payments Terms of Service.Device Protection. Fi offers optional device protection for most devices, which may include coverage for events such as loss, theft, accidental damage, and out-of-warranty mechanical failure. If you choose not to enroll in device protection or choose to cancel device protection on your Device, you will be responsible for Device payments if you lose or damage your Device. Device protection terms apply separately.Default. You will be in default of these Plan Terms if any of the following occurs:You do not activate your Device and associate it with your Google Fi account within 30 days of purchase.You fail to make any payment in full by its due date.Your Google Fi plan with voice and text services for your Device is terminated.Your Google Fi account is terminated.Your Google Payments account is terminated.Remedies. If you are in default, and to the extent permitted by law, we may exercise one or more of the following remedies: We may charge the full remaining balance to your designated payment method in your Google Payments account or otherwise require you to immediately pay the full remaining balance. We may disable your Device's wireless network connectivity capabilities, disable your Device from accessing Google Fi services, and/or suspend or terminate your Google Fi account without any liability to us or our affiliates. We may send unpaid bills to third party collection agencies.Limits. This offer is available only for devices sold by Google Fi or our affiliates and that we have expressly designated as eligible for purchase under the Pay Monthly Device Plan. This offer is not transferable and may not be combined with other offers. This offer is void where prohibited. We reserve the right to limit the number of Devices you may purchase in connection with this offer.Privacy NoticeThe Google Fi Privacy Notice applies to all of the products and services offered by Google Fi, including this offer.Google Store Terms of Sale for DevicesYour purchase is also subject to the Google Store Terms of Sale for Devices, including terms regarding the governing law and jurisdiction, limitation of liability, and disclaimer of warranties. If there is any conflict between the Google Store Terms of Sale for Devices and these Plan Terms, these Plan Terms control.About These TermsThese terms control the relationship between Google Fi and you. They do not create any third party beneficiary rights. If you do not comply with these terms, and we don't take action right away, this doesn't mean that we are giving up any rights that we may have (such as taking action in the future). If it turns out that a particular term is not enforceable, this will not affect any other terms. The laws of California, U.S.A., excluding California's conflict of laws rules, will apply to any disputes arising out of or relating to these terms or the Services. All claims arising out of or relating to these terms or the Services will be litigated exclusively in the federal or state courts of Santa Clara County, California, USA, and you and Google Fi consent to personal jurisdiction in those courts.Pixel Pass Subscription InformationPixel Pass on Google Fi Terms of ServiceIntroductionPixel Pass on Google Fi (“Pixel Pass”) is a service provided by Google North America Inc. (“Google”, “we,” or “us”), located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA, and is subject to the terms below, and the following Pixel Pass Terms of Service are additional terms which apply to your use of Pixel Pass. You agree that your use of Pixel Pass is subject to these Pixel Pass Terms of Service and:Google Store Sales TermsGoogle Fi Terms of ServiceGoogle One Terms of ServiceGoogle Play Terms of ServiceYouTube Paid Service Terms of ServiceGoogle Store Sales TermsTogether, for purposes of these Pixel Pass Terms of Service, we refer to them as the “Terms”.  Pixel Pass is comprised of “Device” as defined in the Google Store Sales Terms (“GStore Sales Terms”) and a “Service” as defined in the Google Terms of Service (“Google ToS”). Use of YouTube Premium, Google One, or Google Play Pass are subject to the individual terms provided above. Any device protection terms will be subject to the third party's terms for device protection upon signing up. Your use of additional Google products or services is governed by the terms of service applicable to such products or services.Note: the Google Privacy Policy describes how data is handled in this service.If there is any conflict between the Pixel Pass Terms of Service and the individual terms listed above, the Pixel Pass Terms of Service will prevail. Please read the Terms carefully.General Description of Pixel PassPixel Pass is a membership program that includes: (1) a Google Pixel phone, (2) select services from Google, including Google Play Pass, Google One, and YouTube Premium (“Google services”), (3) device protection, and (4) a monthly Fi service discount per active subscriber.Pixel Pass is made available by Google to provide you with a destination for Google services and support, provide special offers, and discover new features and products.Payment and SubscriptionIn order to purchase Pixel Pass on Google Fi, you will need a Google Payments account, and must accept the Google Payments Terms of Service and acknowledge the Google Payments Privacy Notice.Subscriptions. Pixel Pass is automatically charged each billing period, and your subscription is continuous until you cancel it or such Subscription Service is suspended, discontinued, or terminated in accordance with these Terms.You must have an active Google Fi account with voice and text services to be a Pixel Pass subscriber. If you have assigned Pixel Pass to a group member, they must stay active with voice and text services in your group to maintain their Pixel Pass subscription. Group members must also accept these Pixel Pass Terms within 90 days of initial Pixel Pass purchase or their Pixel Pass will be terminated subject to the Pixel Pass Cancelation Policy in Section [5] below.Google Fi Financing. The shipping charges and applicable taxes for the discounted price of the Device will be due at the time you purchase a Device. We will provide you details about the amount of the shipping charges and taxes prior to purchase. You may owe more in taxes if you exit the subscription early and are no longer eligible for the discounted price.You must be qualified. This offer is only available to qualified US residents over 18 years of age. We may make this offer available to you only after we have reviewed your credit information and determined that you have qualified for this offer. To determine if you qualify for Pixel Pass, you may be required to provide information such as your name, address, and your Social Security number, and we may share that information with a third party to check your credit information, including your credit score. Inquiries into your credit information may impact your credit score.The first monthly payment will be due when you activate the Device. You must activate your Device and associate it with your Google Fi account no later than 30 days after purchase. The twenty-three (23) subsequent payments will be due on a monthly basis until the remaining balance is $0. A bill for each payment will be included as part of the billing statements you receive for Google Fi services. You will receive a bill for each payment even if you have suspended your Google Fi services or your Google Fi account. Failure to timely activate your Device may cause you to be in default and your Pixel Pass to be terminated. Your first bill will include a prorated charge from Device ship to billing date for Google services only.As part of Pixel Pass, we will not charge you any finance or interest charges. No late charges will be assessed under these Plan Terms.You are responsible for any finance or interest charges or fees that your credit card provider or other issuer of payment method may apply. You agree that Google Fi is not responsible or liable for any fees you incur in connection with your credit card or otherwise due to you having insufficient funds.You will be in breach of these Terms, and subject to the Pixel Pass Cancellation Policy in Section [5] below, if any of the following occurs:You do not activate your Device and associate it with your Google Fi account within 30 days of purchase.A group member assigned to Pixel Pass does not accept the Pixel Pass Terms within 90 days of purchase.You fail to make any payment in full by its due date.Your Google Fi plan with voice and text services for your Device is terminated or you have more Phone Subscriptions than Google Fi plans with voice and text services.Your Google Fi account is terminated.Your Google Payments account is terminated.Cancelation. Your subscription to Pixel Pass will continue until it is canceled, and will be subject to the Pixel Pass Cancelation Policy in Section [5] below.ChangesWe may change the Pixel Pass in effect but will give you prior notice of these changes. These changes will apply after your current payment period is completed, when the next payment is due from you after the notice. We will give you at least 30 days' prior notice of a price increase before you are charged; if you are given less than 30 days' prior notice, the change will not apply until the payment after the next payment is due. If you do not wish to continue with Pixel Pass or the new price, you may cancel at any time according to the Pixel Pass Cancelation Policy. Your cancelation will apply to the next billing period after the current service term.However, there are times when we will need to make changes to Pixel Pass without giving notice. These will be limited to instances where we need to take action to ensure the security and operability of Pixel Pass, prevent abuse, or where we must act to meet legal requirements.Cancelation and TerminationYou may cancel your Pixel Pass membership at any time by visiting your account page on Google Fi. If you cancel your subscription, you will retain your Pixel device, but be subject to the Pixel Pass Cancelation Policy. Your access to Google services provided through Pixel Pass will also be terminated and subject to the Pixel Pass Cancelation Policy. If you cancel your subscription, you will retain your Fi service, but be subject to the Pixel Pass Cancelation Policy. Your device protection service will also be terminated according to the device protection terms of service.Device Cost. You will pay a discounted price for the Device over 24 months. If you cancel your Fi service or Pixel Pass anytime before the end of the 24 months, you will owe the remaining cost of the Device at full price, which will be charged at your next billing cycle. If your Pixel Pass is terminated, your monthly payment will be transitioned to Device financing at full price until the end of the 24 months.Google Services. You agree that you may lose access to YouTube Premium, Google Play Pass, and Google One services and functionality, without refund at the end of the current billing cycle. You also agree that you will no longer receive a monthly Fi service discount on future billing cycles.Device Protection. Your device protection service will also be terminated according to the device protection terms of service.Breach of Terms. Google may stop providing Pixel Pass to you at any time, including for breach of these Terms.Pixel Pass Program. Google reserves the right to suspend or terminate Pixel Pass at any time, upon reasonable notice to you. To improve Pixel Pass, Google may change its billing platform without notice to you.Subscribing at a Later Time. If your subscription is cancelled and you later decide to re-subscribe with a new Pixel phone, you will be charged at the then current subscription rate.Service AnnouncementsIn connection with your use of Pixel Pass, we may send you service announcements, administrative messages, and other information. We may also send you emails and device notifications associated with your member benefits. You may opt out of some of those communications.PromotionsOther offers for YouTube Premium, Google One, Play Pass, and Google Fi cannot be combined with Pixel Pass.Phone Subscription InformationPhone Subscription Terms and ConditionsThese Phone Subscription Terms and Conditions ("Plan Terms"), apply between you and Google North America Inc. (referred to as "Google Fi" or "We"), located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States, when you purchase an eligible device ("Device") under the Phone Subscription.Please carefully read these Plan Terms. By purchasing a Device under the Phone Subscription, you are agreeing to these Plan Terms. If you do not understand the Plan Terms or do not accept any part of them, do not place an order.We reserve the right to change the terms of this offer or revoke this offer at any time.Phone SubscriptionUnder the Phone Subscription, you may purchase a Device, enroll in device protection (optional) and upgrade to a new Device every 2 years. You may pay for the full price of the Device with 24 monthly payments with a discount each month in accordance with the following schedule:Device Cost You will pay a discounted price for the Device over 24 months. If you cancel your service or subscription anytime before the end of the 24 months, you will owe the remaining cost of the Device at full price. Device Protection If you enroll your device in device protection, you'll pay monthly and can cancel anytime. If you cancel device protection for your Device, the Device will not be eligible for re-enrollment in device protection. If you cancel your subscription before your Device payments are complete or your 24 monthly payments are complete, you may keep your Device enrolled in device protection at the monthly price for device protection only.Upgrade You'll have the option to upgrade your Device after 24 months. Monthly discounted price may be different than the initial term. Additional taxes may apply. If you choose not to upgrade your phone after 24 months, you'll keep your Device and only pay for Fi service and/or device protection (optional). Shipping, and Taxes The shipping charges and applicable taxes for the discounted price of the Device will be due at the time you purchase a Device. We will provide you details about the amount of the shipping charges and taxes prior to purchase. You may owe more in taxes if you exit the subscription early and are no longer eligible for the discounted price.When Monthly Payments Are Due. The first monthly payment will be due when you activate the Device. You must activate your Device and associate it with your Google Fi account no later than 30 days after purchase. The twenty-three (23) subsequent payments will be due on a monthly basis until the remaining balance is $0. A bill for each payment will be included as part of the billing statements you receive for Google Fi services. You will receive a bill for each payment even if you have suspended your Google Fi services or your Google Fi account. Failure to timely activate your Device may cause you to be in default and your subscription to be cancelled.Finance Charges. As part of the Phone Subscription, we will not charge you any finance or interest charges.Late Charges. No late charges will be assessed under these Plan Terms.Credit Card Charges. You are responsible for any finance or interest charges or fees that your credit card provider or other issuer of payment method may apply. You agree that Google Fi is not responsible or liable for any fees you incur in connection with your credit card or otherwise due to you having insufficient funds.Early Termination and Pre-Payment. If any of the conditions below are not met or you elect to pay off the full remaining balance of your Device at any time, the charge for that balance will appear on your next billing statement. The subscription discount will not be applied to Pre-Payment and Early Termination and additional taxes may be due.Pre-Authorized ChargesUpon purchase of the Device and selection of a payment method registered in your Google Payments account, you authorize Google Fi to:Charge the shipping charges and taxes where applicable to your designated payment method in your Google Payments account.Automatically charge all subsequent payments (including any taxes) to your designated payment method in your Google Payments account in accordance with your monthly billing cycle for the Google Fi services.Charge the remaining balance to your designated payment method in your Google Payments account if you are in default.ConditionsYou must be qualified. This offer is only available to qualified US residents over 18 years of age. We may make this offer available to you only after we have reviewed your credit information and determined that you have qualified for this offer. To determine if you qualify for the Phone Subscription, you may be required to provide information such as your name, address, and your Social Security number, and we may share that information with a third party to check your credit information, including your credit score. Inquiries into your credit information may impact your credit score.You must have an active Google Fi account with voice and text services to join our phone subscription program. This offer is only available to persons who have agreed to the Google Fi Terms of Service. You agree to maintain one Google Fi account with voice and text services per Phone Subscription. If you have assigned your subscription to a specific user, they must stay active with voice and text services to maintain their Phone Subscription.You must have a Google Payments account. You must maintain a Google Payments account and use it to make payments for the Device. Google Payments account is free to set up and if you do not have one you will be directed to Google Payments before you can check out. Your use of Google Payments is subject to the Google Payments Terms of Service.Device Protection. The phone subscription includes optional device protection, which may include coverage for events such as loss, theft, accidental damage, and out-of-warranty mechanical failure. If you choose not to enroll in device protection or choose to cancel device protection on your Device, you will be responsible for Device payments if you lose or damage your Device. Device protection terms apply separately.Default. You will be in default of these Plan Terms if any of the following occurs:You do not activate voice and text services on your Device and associate it with the same Google Fi account used to purchase the Device within 30 days of purchase.You fail to make any payment in full by its due date.Your Google Fi plan with voice and text services for your Device is terminated or you have more Phone Subscriptions than Google Fi plans with voice and text services.Your Google Fi account is terminated.Your Google Payments account is terminated.Remedies. If you are in default, and to the extent permitted by law, we may exercise one or more of the following remedies: We may charge the full remaining balance to your designated payment method in your Google Payments account or otherwise require you to immediately pay the full remaining balance without the Phone Subscription Discount applied. We may disable your Device's wireless network connectivity capabilities, disable your Device from accessing Google Fi services, and/or suspend or terminate your Google Fi account without any liability to us or our affiliates. We may send unpaid bills to third party collection agencies.Limits. This offer is available only for devices sold by Google Fi or our affiliates and that we have expressly designated as eligible for purchase under the Phone Subscription. This offer is not transferable and may not be combined with other offers. This offer is void where prohibited. We reserve the right to limit the number of Devices you may purchase in connection with this offer.Privacy NoticeThe Google Fi Privacy Notice applies to all of the products and services offered by Google Fi, including this offer.Google Store Terms of Sale for DevicesYour purchase is also subject to the Google Store Terms of Sale for Devices, including terms regarding the governing law and jurisdiction, limitation of liability, and disclaimer of warranties. If there is any conflict between the Google Store Terms of Sale for Devices and these Plan Terms, these Plan Terms control.About These TermsThese terms control the relationship between Google Fi and you. They do not create any third party beneficiary rights. If you do not comply with these terms, and we don't take action right away, this doesn't mean that we are giving up any rights that we may have (such as taking action in the future). If it turns out that a particular term is not enforceable, this will not affect any other terms. The laws of California, U.S.A., excluding California's conflict of laws rules, will apply to any disputes arising out of or relating to these terms or the Services. All claims arising out of or relating to these terms or the Services will be litigated exclusively in the federal or state courts of Santa Clara County, California, USA, and you and Google Fi consent to personal jurisdiction in those courts.International ratesFAQPrivacyTermsCustomer supportBroadband disclosureTalk with a Fi expertChat now
