




Ten things we know to be true - Google









































About















            About
          














                About
              



                Products
              



                Commitments
              



                Stories
              





                  About Google
                    Our mission, products, and impact



More about our core commitments



                  Belonging
                    Expanding what's possible for everyone




                  Learning
                    Unlocking opportunity with education & career tools




                  Safety Center
                    Keeping billions of people safe online




                  Crisis Response
                    Helping people with information in critical moments




                  Sustainability
                    Committed to being carbon free by 2030

















  Ten things we know to be true


  We first wrote these “10 things” when Google was just a few years old. From time to
  time we revisit this list to see if it still holds true. We hope it does—and you can
  hold us to that.


  1. Focus on the user and all else will follow.


  Since the beginning, we’ve focused on providing the best user experience possible.
  Whether we’re designing a new Internet browser or a new tweak to the look of the
  homepage, we take great care to ensure that they will ultimately serve you, rather
  than our own internal goal or bottom line. Our homepage interface is clear and
  simple, and pages load instantly. Placement in search results is never sold to
  anyone, and advertising is not only clearly marked as such, it offers relevant
  content and is not distracting. And when we build new tools and applications, we
  believe they should work so well you don’t have to consider how they might have been
  designed differently.


  2. It’s best to do one thing really, really well.


  We do search. With one of the world’s largest research groups focused exclusively on
  solving search problems, we know what we do well, and how we could do it better.
  Through continued iteration on difficult problems, we’ve been able to solve complex
  issues and provide continuous improvements to a service that already makes finding
  information a fast and seamless experience for millions of people. Our dedication to
  improving search helps us apply what we’ve learned to new products, like Gmail and
  Google Maps. Our hope is to bring the power of search to previously unexplored areas,
  and to help people access and use even more of the ever-expanding information in
  their lives.


  3. Fast is better than slow.


  We know your time is valuable, so when you’re seeking an answer on the web you want
  it right away–and we aim to please. We may be the only people in the world who can
  say our goal is to have people leave our website as quickly as possible. By shaving
  excess bits and bytes from our pages and increasing the efficiency of our serving
  environment, we’ve broken our own speed records many times over, so that the average
  response time on a search result is a fraction of a second. We keep speed in mind
  with each new product we release, whether it’s a mobile application or Google Chrome,
  a browser designed to be fast enough for the modern web. And we continue to work on
  making it all go even faster.


  4. Democracy on the web works.


  Google search works because it relies on the millions of individuals posting links on
  websites to help determine which other sites offer content of value. We assess the
  importance of every web page using more than 200 signals and a variety of techniques,
  including our patented PageRank™ algorithm, which analyzes which sites have been
  “voted” to be the best sources of information by other pages across the web. As the
  web gets bigger, this approach actually improves, as each new site is another point
  of information and another vote to be counted. In the same vein, we are active in
  open source software development, where innovation takes place through the collective
  effort of many programmers.


  5. You don’t need to be at your desk to need an answer.


  The world is increasingly mobile: people want access to information wherever they
  are, whenever they need it. We’re pioneering new technologies and offering new
  solutions for mobile services that help people all over the globe to do any number of
  tasks on their phone, from checking email and calendar events to watching videos, not
  to mention the several different ways to access Google search on a phone. In
  addition, we’re hoping to fuel greater innovation for mobile users everywhere with Android, 
  an open source mobile platform free of charge. Android brings the openness that shaped
  the Internet to the mobile world. Not only does Android benefit consumers, who have
  more choice and innovative new mobile experiences, but it opens up revenue
  opportunities for carriers, manufacturers and developers.


  6. You can make money without doing evil.


  Google is a business. The revenue we generate is derived from offering search
  technology to companies and from the sale of advertising displayed on our site and on
  other sites across the web. Hundreds of thousands of advertisers worldwide use
  AdWords to promote their products; hundreds of thousands of publishers take advantage
  of our AdSense program to deliver ads relevant to their site content. To ensure that
  we’re ultimately serving all our users (whether they are advertisers or not), we have
  a set of guiding principles for our advertising programs and practices:




      We don’t allow ads to be displayed on our results pages unless they are relevant
      where they are shown. And we firmly believe that ads can provide useful
      information if, and only if, they are relevant to what you wish to find–so it’s
      possible that certain searches won’t lead to any ads at all.
    



      We believe that advertising can be effective without being flashy. We don’t
      accept pop–up advertising, which interferes with your ability to see the content
      you’ve requested. We’ve found that text ads that are relevant to the person
      reading them draw much higher clickthrough rates than ads appearing randomly. Any
      advertiser, whether small or large, can take advantage of this highly targeted
      medium.
    



      Advertising on Google is always clearly identified as a “Sponsored Link,” so it
      does not compromise the integrity of our search results. We never manipulate
      rankings to put our partners higher in our search results and no one can buy
      better PageRank. Our users trust our objectivity and no short-term gain could
      ever justify breaching that trust.
    



  7. There’s always more information out there.


  Once we’d indexed more of the HTML pages on the Internet than any other search
  service, our engineers turned their attention to information that was not as readily
  accessible. Sometimes it was just a matter of integrating new databases into search,
  such as adding a phone number and address lookup and a business directory. Other
  efforts required a bit more creativity, like adding the ability to search news
  archives, patents, academic journals, billions of images and millions of books. And
  our researchers continue looking into ways to bring all the world’s information to
  people seeking answers.


  8. The need for information crosses all borders.


  Our company was founded in California, but our mission is to facilitate access to
  information for the entire world, and in every language. To that end, we have offices
  in more than 60 countries, maintain more than 180 Internet domains, and serve more
  than half of our results to people living outside the United States. We offer
  Google’s search interface in more than 130 languages, offer people the ability to
  restrict results to content written in their own language, and aim to provide the
  rest of our applications and products in as many languages and accessible formats as
  possible. Using our translation tools, people can discover content written on the
  other side of the world in languages they don’t speak. With these tools and the help
  of volunteer translators, we have been able to greatly improve both the variety and
  quality of services we can offer in even the most far–flung corners of the globe.


  9. You can be serious without a suit.


  Our founders built Google around the idea that work should be challenging, and the
  challenge should be fun. We believe that great, creative things are more likely to
  happen with the right company culture–and that doesn’t just mean lava lamps and
  rubber balls. There is an emphasis on team achievements and pride in individual
  accomplishments that contribute to our overall success. We put great stock in our
  employees–energetic, passionate people from diverse backgrounds with creative
  approaches to work, play and life. Our atmosphere may be casual, but as new ideas
  emerge in a café line, at a team meeting or at the gym, they are traded, tested and
  put into practice with dizzying speed–and they may be the launch pad for a new
  project destined for worldwide use.


  10. Great just isn’t good enough.


  We see being great at something as a starting point, not an endpoint. We set
  ourselves goals we know we can’t reach yet, because we know that by stretching to
  meet them we can get further than we expected. Through innovation and iteration, we
  aim to take things that work well and improve upon them in unexpected ways. For
  example, when one of our engineers saw that search worked well for properly spelled
  words, he wondered about how it handled typos. That led him to create an intuitive
  and more helpful spell checker.


  Even if you don’t know exactly what you’re looking for, finding an answer on the web
  is our problem, not yours. We try to anticipate needs not yet articulated by our
  global audience, and meet them with products and services that set new standards.
  When we launched Gmail, it had more storage space than any email service available.
  In retrospect offering that seems obvious–but that’s because now we have new
  standards for email storage. Those are the kinds of changes we seek to make, and
  we’re always looking for new places where we can make a difference. Ultimately, our
  constant dissatisfaction with the way things are becomes the driving force behind
  everything we do.



 



      Back to top   












Follow us










































Company resources
                  







Contact us
  



Help center
  



Locations
  



Careers
  



Blog
  



Press resources
  



Investor relations
  



Brand Resource Center
  
 



Featured products
                  







Google Ads
  



Android
  



Chrome
  



Google Cloud
  



Google for Education
  



Gmail
  



Google Maps
  



Google Photos
  



Google Play
  



Google Shopping
  



Google Search
  



Google for Small Business
  



Google Store
  



Google Workspace
  



YouTube
  



View all products
  
 



Responsibility
                  







Accessibility
  



Crisis response
  



Digital wellbeing
  



Diversity & inclusion
  



Google.org
  



Grow with Google
  



Human rights
  



Learning
  



Safety Center
  



Supplier responsibility
  



Sustainability
  
 



More about us
                  







Transparency report
  



Community guidelines
  



How our business works
  



Extended workforce
  
 

























Help
  



Privacy
  



Terms
  
 












 










