






Gmail: Private and secure email at no cost | Google Workspace 































































































        Gmail
      



For work
Sign in
Get GmailCreate an account













      Secure, smart, and easy to use email
    

      Get more done with Gmail. Now integrated with Google Chat, Google Meet, and more, all in one place.
    


Get GmailCreate an account


For work
















Get GmailCreate an account


For work















        Email that's secure, private, and puts you in control.
      




              We never use your Gmail content for any ads purposes
            

              Gmail uses industry-leading encryption for all messages you receive and send. We never use your Gmail content to personalize ads.
            



















              Gmail keeps over a billion people safe every day
            

              Gmail blocks 99.9% of spam, malware, and dangerous links from ever reaching your inbox.
            



















              The most advanced phishing protections available
            

              When a suspicious email arrives that could be legitimate, Gmail lets you know, keeping you in control.
            



















              Best-in-class controls over emails you send
            

              Confidential Mode lets you set expirations and require recipients to verify by text. You can also remove options to forward, copy, download, and print.
            






































































        Get more done with Gmail
      




              Stay connected and get organized
            

              Start a Chat, jump into a video call with Meet, or collaborate in a Doc, all right from Gmail. 
            



















              Get more done faster
            

              Write emails and messages faster with features like Smart Compose to spend more time doing what you love. 
            



















              Never forget to reply
            

              Gentle nudges help you stay on top of everything.
            


































































      Works with other tools
    

      Gmail works great with desktop clients like Microsoft Outlook, Apple Mail and Mozilla Thunderbird, including contact and event sync.
    











      Stay productive, even offline
    

      Gmail offline lets you read, reply, delete, and search your Gmail messages when you’re not connected to the internet.
    












      Experience Gmail on any device
    

      Enjoy the ease and simplicity of Gmail, wherever you are.
    















































































      Gmail is now part of Google Workspace
    

      Collaborate faster, from any device, anytime, all in one place.
    

      Google Workspace is a set of productivity and collaboration tools that helps individuals, teams, and businesses stay on top of everything. It is a flexible, innovative solution that includes all your favorite apps like Gmail, Calendar, Drive, Docs, Meet, and more.
    


Learn more

















        Find the answers you need
      


          Need more help?
        

          Browse tips and step-by-step guides made for both new users and power users.
        

Help Center








                How does Gmail keep my email communications secure and private?
              








            Gmail has always had strong security as a foundation. We work hard to protect you from spam, phishing, and malware, before they reach your inbox. Our AI-enhanced spam-filtering capabilities block nearly 10 million spam emails every minute.
          





                Do you use my email for ads?
              








            No. While you may see ads in your no-cost Gmail account, your emails are private. Google does not scan or process Gmail content for advertising purposes.
          





                How can I keep my emails even more safe and secure?
              








            While Gmail’s features are secure enough for most users, some accounts may require additional layers of safety. Google's Advanced Protection Program safeguards users with high visibility and sensitive information, who are at risk of targeted online attacks.
          

      Learn more
    
  





                What if I want to use Gmail for work or my business?
              








            Gmail is part of Google Workspace where you can choose from different plans. In addition to what you love about Gmail, you get a custom email address unlimited group email addresses, 99.9% guaranteed uptime, twice the storage of personal Gmail, zero ads, 24/7 support, Google Workspace Sync for Microsoft Outlook, and more.
          

      Learn more
    
  




        Need more help?
      

        Browse tips and step-by-step guides made for both new users and power users.
      

Help Center























      Show the world  how it’s done.
    

      Get started with a more powerful Gmail.
    


Get GmailCreate an account


For work































      Privacy
    
  



      Terms
    
  



      About Google
    
  



      Products
    
  



      Policy
    
  



      Privacy & Security
    
  











  
      Help
    
  






            Azərbaycan Dili
          

            Bahasa Melayu
          

            Català
          

            Dansk
          

            Deutsch
          

            Eesti
          

            English
          

            English (India)
          

            English (United Kingdom)
          

            Español
          

            Español (Latinoamérica)
          

            Euskara
          

            Filipino
          

            Français
          

            Galego
          

            Hrvatski
          

            Indonesia
          

            Italiano
          

            Kiswahili
          

            Latviešu
          

            Lietuvių
          

            Magyar
          

            Nederlands
          

            Norsk Bokmål (Norge)
          

            Polski
          

            Português (Brasil)
          

            Português (Portugal)
          

            Română
          

            Slovenčina
          

            Slovenščina
          

            Suomi
          

            Svenska
          

            Tiếng Việt
          

            Türkçe
          

            Íslenska
          

            Čeština
          

            Ελληνικά
          

            Български
          

            Русский
          

            Српски
          

            Українська
          

            עברית (ישראל)
          

            اردو
          

            العربية
          

            فارسی
          

            मराठी
          

            हिन्दी
          

            বাংলা
          

            ગુજરાતી
          

            தமிழ்
          

            తెలుగు
          

            ಕನ್ನಡ
          

            മലയാളം
          

            ไทย
          

            ဗမာ
          

            አማርኛ
          

            ខ្មែរ
          

            中文 (简体, 中国)
          

            中文 (繁體, 台灣)
          

            中文 (繁體字, 中華人民共和國香港特別行政區)
          

            日本語
          

            한국어
          










