




Google Lens - Search What You See






























    Jump to Content
  
















            Try Lens
          

            Go to Google Lens
          




















            Go to Google Lens
          




 












Search
Shop
Translate
Identify

what you see


          Not sure how to describe it in words?
        

          Use your camera or an image to search.
        

        Go to Google Lens
      
































Find a look you like

        See an outfit that’s caught your eye? Or a chair that's perfect for your living room? Get inspired by similar clothes, furniture, and home decor—without having to type what you're looking for.
      









Copy and translate text

        Translate text in real-time from over 100 languages. Or copy paragraphs, serial numbers, and more from an image, then paste it on your phone or your computer with Chrome.
      








Step by step homework help

        Stuck on a problem? Quickly find explainers, videos, and results from the web for math, history, chemistry, biology, physics, and more.
      








Identify plants and animals

        Find out what plant is in your friend's apartment, or what kind of dog you saw in the park.
      













Get answers where you need them

        Lens is available on all your devices and in your favorite apps.
      



Google app



Google Camera



Google Photos






















Try Google Lens
Look for Lens in the search bar of the Google app


              Get the app
            




iOS








Android

















 

Footer links











            How Lens Works
          



            Privacy
          



            Terms
          



            About Google
          



            Google Products
          








          Help
        




Lens is also available in the Camera app of select Android devices.
Google Lens currently supports English, Spanish, French, German, Italian, Portuguese, Korean, Chinese, Danish, Dutch, Hindi, Indonesian, Japanese, Polish, Russian, Swedish, Thai, Turkish, and Vietnamese.








