




Google Play Pass
































































































































































































Get started  
 


      Visit the Google Play Store on your Android device to see any special offers and subscribe. LEARN MORE






Introducing Google Play Pass
Your pass to hundreds of awesome games and apps, completely free of ads and in-app purchases. Get started with a trial on us, then just one low monthly price. Yearly subscription also available.1


Learn more  

Get started  

Watch video  








































































































































































Puzzles, podcasts, and everything in between
Explore a curated catalog spanning games that help you unwind to apps that power productivity—plus a great selection of family-friendly titles. There’s something for everyone.
Share the fun
Family managers can share access to Google Play Pass with up to 5 other family members so everyone can enjoy on their own devices.













Ready to get started?

          Visit the Play Store on your Android device to sign up1




              1
            



              Open the Google Play Store app
            



              2
            

account_circle
              Tap the profile icon, then Play Pass
            







Frequently asked questions



          How much does Google Play Pass cost?
        









Google Play Pass costs $4.99 per month and $29.99 per year in the United States, and family managers can share access with up to 5 other family members.2





          What apps and games are included?
        









Google Play Pass includes hundreds of games and apps, with new additions every month. Check out the Google Play Store on your Android device to explore the catalog.





          Do I need an Android device?
        









Yes, Google Play Pass is compatible with mobile and tablet devices with Play Store version 16.6.25 and above, and Android version 4.4 and above.





          Where can I learn more?
        









You can check out our help center article for more information on how Google Play Pass works, how to start sharing with family, and more.





          How can developers get involved?
        









If you’re building an app or game experience that you think would make a great addition to Google Play Pass, you can learn more and fill out this form to express interest in participating.









Privacy  

Terms  

About Google  

Google Products  




help

Help  



1 Subscription required. Google Play Terms of Service, restrictions and charges apply.
2 Google Play Terms of Service apply. After cancellation of the subscription, certain content acquired under the subscription and subscription benefits will no longer be accessible. This also applies to Family Members who had previously activated the subscription.

 




