Update your account to meet age requirements - Google Account Help   Skip to main content   Google Account HelpSign inGoogle HelpHelp CenterCommunityGoogle AccountPrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceSubmit feedback Send feedback on...This help content & informationGeneral Help Center experienceNextHelp CenterCommunityGoogle Account        Update your account to meet age requirementsTo manage your own Google Account, you must meet the minimum age requirement for the country associated with your account.
If we have learned that you may not be old enough to manage your own account:

You’ll have 14 days to either set up supervision for your account or verify that you’re old enough to manage your account. During this grace period you can log in and use your account as normal.
    
If your account is through work, school, or another organization, your account may not be eligible for parental supervision. If that is the case, your account will be disabled immediately. You should contact your admin if you have questions.


If you choose not to set up supervision or verify you’re old enough to manage your account within 14 days, your account will be disabled and your account information will be deleted after 30 days.


Important: If your account is disabled, content you've published will be hidden. For example, YouTube videos you've created won't be visible while your account is disabled. If you re-enable your account it may take up to several days for your content to show up again.
Set up supervision for your account
If you're not old enough to manage your own account, you can have a parent use their Google Account to set up supervision so you can continue using your account. You have 14 days after you entered your birthdate to enable supervision before your account will be disabled. After your account is disabled, you have 30 days to enable supervision before your account will be deleted.

Tip: Supervision can't be set up for a Brand Account. You’ll need to delete or change who manages your Brand Account before you can set up supervision.
Verify you’re old enough to manage your account
If you do meet the minimum age requirements, you can verify your age with a government-issued ID that shows you meet the requirement. You may also have the option to verify your age with a credit card.
If you use a credit card, any temporary authorization will be fully refunded. If you use an ID, Google will delete the image after verifying your age.

Important: After you sign in to your Google Account you’ll get instructions on how to directly upload a valid ID or enter credit card information. Google will never ask you to provide this type of information in an email.
Use a government-issued ID

You’ll need to upload an electronic copy of a valid, government-issued ID that shows your date of birth. Most requests are reviewed within 24 hours. If you provide a copy of your government ID, we’ll delete the copy after we validate your date of birth. You can cover the national identification number on your ID to keep it private.

Use a credit card

Important: This option is not available in some countries.
After we confirm that your credit card is valid, we’ll retain this data only as long as necessary to meet regulatory requirements for a credit card transaction.
If you use a credit card to verify your date of birth, you might see an authorization for a small amount on your account. This checks that your card and account are valid. Your card won’t be billed and the authorization will go away soon.

Tip: If your authorization doesn't go through, check if you’re using an invalid card or have provided incorrect information.

Check the status of your request


Within the first 14 days, you can check the status of your request. If you have more than one account, make sure you’re signed in to the correct account.
If your account is disabled, sign in as normal to view the status of your request.



Download data from your account
If you’re waiting for your account to be re-enabled or you can’t re-enable your account, you may be able to download and save account data from some Google Services.

Within the first 14 days, you can sign in to your account and download your data.
If your account has been disabled, you may be able to download and save account data from some Google services.

Delete your Google Account
If you don't want to add supervision or verify your birthdate, you can choose to delete your Google Account before it is disabled.
   Was this helpful?How can we improve it?YesNoSubmit      false        ©2022 Google   Privacy Policy   Terms of Service     català‎dansk‎Deutsch‎eesti‎español‎español (Latinoamérica)‎Filipino‎français‎Gaeilge‎hrvatski‎Indonesia‎italiano‎latviešu‎lietuvių‎magyar‎Malti‎Melayu‎Nederlands‎norsk‎polski‎português‎português (Brasil)‎română‎slovenčina‎slovenščina‎suomi‎svenska‎Tiếng Việt‎Türkçe‎íslenska‎čeština‎Ελληνικά‎български‎русский‎српски‎українська‎‏עברית‏العربيةनेपाली‎हिन्दी‎සිංහල‎ไทย‎ລາວ‎ქართული‎中文（简体）‎中文（繁體）‎日本語‎한국어‎ English‎         Enable Dark Mode   Send feedback on... This help content & information General Help Center experience       SearchClear searchClose searchGoogle appsMain menu                      Search Help Center       true 70975                false                        false 
