Learn about refunds on Google Play - Google Play Help   Skip to main content   Google Play HelpSign inGoogle HelpHelp CenterCommunityGoogle PlayPrivacy PolicyGoogle Play Terms of ServiceSubmit feedback Send feedback on...This help content & informationGeneral Help Center experienceNextHelp CenterCommunityGoogle PlayMovies & TVLearn about refunds on Google Play       Learn about refunds on Google PlayGoogle may give refunds for some Google Play purchases, depending on the refund policies described below. You can also contact the developer directly.

If a purchase was accidentally made by a friend or family member using your account, request a refund on the Google Play website.
If you find a Google Play purchase on your card or other payment method that you didn't make and that wasn't made by anyone you know, report unauthorized charges within 120 days of the transaction.
If your refund request has been approved, see how long your refund will take.


For United Kingdom and European Economic Area users
If you are located in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom and made a purchase on or after March 28, 2018, learn how to get a refund.
Request a refund for recent purchases

If it’s been less than 48 hours since you bought an app or made an in-app purchase: You can request a refund through Google Play.
If you bought music, movies, books, or other content: You may be able to request a refund more than 48 hours after your purchase (check policy below).

You’ll usually get a decision within 1 business day but it can take up to 4 business days.

Request a refund


Check the status of a refund request
After you request a refund through the Google Play website or the “Request a refund” button above, you can check the status of your request.

Check your refund request status
Request a refund when it's not listed under recent purchases
If you don't find your purchase on the recent purchases list, you can request a refund from the Google Play website. Use the options below to request a refund.
Explore refund request options
 Option 1: Request a refund on the Google Play website

If it’s been less than 48 hours since you bought an app or made an in-app purchase: You can request a refund through Google Play.
If you bought music, movies, books, or other content: You may be able to request a refund more than 48 hours after your purchase (check policy below).


Go to play.google.com.
At the top right, click your profile icon.
Select Payments & subscriptions  Budget & order history.
Find the order you want to return.
Select Request a refund or Report a problem.
Choose the option that describes your situation.
Complete the form and note that you'd like a refund.
You'll get a message that says "Thank you for sharing your concerns." You'll also receive an email with a refund decision.

Tip: 

If you have multiple refund requests, repeat these steps for each item you bought.
If you don't find the order, you may have bought it on a different Google Account. Find out how to switch accounts.
Most emails with refund decisions arrive within 15 minutes, but they can take up to 4 business days.
For hardware devices: To return or get a refund for devices you bought on the Google Store, go to the Google Store refunds page.


Option 2: Ask for a refund on the Google Assistant
You can also tell Google Assistant on your device that you want a Google Play refund.
To request a refund from the Google Assistant, you must use US English on your device.
Learn more about Google Assistant.

Option 3: Get support from the developer of the app

Most apps on the Play Store are made by third-party developers, not by Google. The developers should support their apps and make sure they work well for you.
You should contact the app developer if:

You have a question about an app.
You made an in-app purchase but it wasn’t delivered or isn’t working as you expected. 
You want a refund and it’s been more than 48 hours since you made the purchase. The developer can help with purchase issues and can process refunds pursuant to its policies and applicable laws​.  


Find how to contact the app developer.
Note: Some information related to refund requests may be shared with developers.


Google Play refund policies
Refund policies are different depending on what you bought. Select a link for more information.
You may get an automatic refund if you uninstall a paid app shortly after first buying it. If you want to reinstall the app, you'll have to buy it again and you may not be eligible for a refund on that purchase.
If you give your account or payment details to someone else, appear to be abusing our policies, or don’t protect your account with authentication, we usually can’t issue a refund.
Apps, games, & in-app purchases (including subscriptions)

Google doesn't give refunds for most Google Play purchases. However, there are exceptions detailed below. You can also contact the developer directly. The developer can help with purchase issues and can process refunds according to their policies and applicable laws.
Refund policy

Within 48 hours: You may be able to get a refund depending on the details of the purchase. Follow these instructions. 
After 48 hours: Contact the developer to troubleshoot and find out if you can get a refund. Developers have their own policies and legal requirements and may be able to give you a refund. 


Important:  

You can only return an app or game for a refund once. If you buy it again you can't get a refund. If a refund is issued, you'll lose access to the item. 
If you buy multiple items in one purchase, you can only refund the entire purchase. You can't refund individual items of that purchase.



Google Play Pass

Your Play Pass subscription can be canceled at any time. You’ll still have access to the subscription until the end of the period you have paid for.

If you cancel within the first 48 hours of a monthly subscription and request a refund, we may refund the cost of the month in which you canceled.



Play Points
If you are able to refund an item that you bought on Google Play, any points earned on that purchase will be deducted from your Play Points balance and level progress.

If you don’t have enough points to cover the deducted points from the refunded item, your points balance will become negative. 
If you don’t have enough points to stay at your current level after the points are deducted from your level progress, you might go down a level. 
If you made a purchase using a coupon, and you get the purchase refunded, you’ll get back any amount you paid using your form of payment and the points you used  for the coupon. You will need to exchange points for another coupon if available. 
If you used points for an app, game, and in-app item and would like a refund, check our refund policies.
Points used to support a good cause or for Play Credit are not refundable.

Learn more about Play Points Terms of Service.

Google Play Movies & TV or Google TV
If your video won't play properly, try these tips to fix playback issues. If you would still like a refund or you are requesting the refund for another reason, see the info below. 
Refund availability

If you haven't started watching it yet, you can request a refund within 7 days of your purchase.
If your movie or TV show is defective, unavailable, or doesn't perform as stated, you can request a refund within 65 days of your purchase.
If you return the movie or TV show for a refund it may be removed from your library and you may not be able to watch it.


Google Play Music (including subscriptions)
If your music won't play, try to fix music playback issues. If you would still like a refund or you are requesting the refund for another reason, see the info below. 
For Google Play Music subscriptions
Once your subscription starts you can’t get a refund for any payments you’ve already made. If you don’t want to subscribe any more, you can cancel your subscription. You will still have access to the subscription until the end of the period you have paid for.
Note: For subscriptions to Pandora, Spotify, or other music streaming subscriptions, see the apps, games, and in-app purchases section above.
For individual songs and albums
Depending on your specific situation, you may be able to return a song or album within 7 working days of purchase as long as you haven't downloaded or played it. Once you download or stream music, you can't cancel your order for a refund unless it doesn't work properly.
If you return a song or album, it may be removed from your library and you may not be able to listen to it.

Google Play Books
If your e-book or audiobook won't load or play, try these troubleshooting steps. If you would still like a refund or you are requesting the refund for another reason, see the info below.
Refund availability for single returns and books bundles
For refunds on e-books:

You may request a refund within 7 days of purchase, except for rentals of e-books for which all sales are final.
If the e-book doesn’t work, you can request a refund at any time within 65 days of purchase.
If you bought an e-books bundle, you’ll only be able to request a refund for the full bundle.

Refunds on audiobooks depend on where you bought the audiobook:

All sales are final, except for the following instances:
    
South Korean customers: You can request a refund within 7 days of purchase, as long as you have not started listening to the audiobook.
If the audiobook doesn’t work, you can request a refund at any time.



For refunds on bundles:

You can request a full-bundle refund within 7 days of purchase, as long as you haven't downloaded or exported multiple books in the bundle.
If a book in the bundle doesn't work, you may request a refund for that book within 180 days of purchase.

If your refund is approved, the e-book or audiobook may be removed from your library and you may not be able to read or listen to it.

Google Play Newsstand
Single issues
Single-issue purchases of magazine titles are not refundable unless you can't access the issue or there is a defect with the content.
Subscriptions
Subscriptions can be canceled at any time if:

You are unable to access the content, or
You cancel within the first 7 days of the subscription.

Tip: We can only refund active subscriptions, and are unable to refund subscriptions that have already ended. If you return a publication it may be removed from your library and you may not be able to access it.
Subscribe with Google

Canceling a subscription 

In your Google Account, go to Payments & subscriptions.
To cancel, pause, or change the subscription, under “Subscriptions,” click Manage subscriptions. 

Learn how to cancel, pause, or change a subscription on Google Play.
Requesting a refund for a subscription
Learn how to request a refund for a Google Play purchase. You can also contact the Google Play support team to request a refund.
Google does not provide refunds for most Subscribe with Google purchases unless (1) they are faulty; (2) they do not match their stated benefits on the Subscribe with Google interface; or (3) if you have a Right of Withdrawal as described in the Subscribe with Google Additional Terms of Service.

Note: If you don’t take reasonable steps to protect your account from unwanted purchases – for example, you provided your account or payment details to someone else or didn’t protect your account with authentication – we usually can’t issue a refund.


Purchase within action on the Google Assistant
Refund policy

Within 48 hours: You may be able to get a refund depending on the details of the purchase. Follow these instructions. 
After 48 hours: Contact the developer to troubleshoot and find out if you can get a refund. Developers have their own policies and legal requirements and may be able to give you a refund. 


Google Play gift cards & Google Play balance
Play gift cards and other prepaid Play balance, including cash top-ups, are not refundable or transferable unless required by law (for instance, underage user accounts). Promotional Play balance is not refundable or transferable.

U.S residents who have redeemed gift cards or non-promotional gift codes may request a refund for their Google Play Balance if the amount is below $10.
Brazilian residents who have redeemed gift cards or non-promotional gift codes may request the refund of their Google Play Balance.
Korean residents who have redeemed gift cards or non-promotional gift codes may request a refund of the card amount for residual values of Google Play Balance equal to 40% or less of the face value of gift card.
In accordance with the Fair Treatment of Financial Consumers Policy, Malaysian residents who redeemed gift cards or non-promotional gift codes may request a one-time refund of their Google Play Balance.



Google Play gifts
Important: This applies only to gifts of Google Play credit or Google Play Books purchased through Google. If your gift was purchased through a third-party retailer, contact the retailer for refund information.  If you want to return your gift, let the purchaser know so they can contact us. Tips:

We can only issue a refund to the person who purchased the gift.
Refunds can only be issued for gifts which have not been redeemed.
The gift code is not redeemable once the gift is refunded.
Refunds for Google Play credit gifts are only available for 3 months from the date of purchase.


Google Play donations
Donations to nonprofits are non-refundable. If you have problems with a payment, contact our support team.
Refunds for items paid for at a convenience store using a code

If you pay for items using a code at a convenience store and request a refund, any refunds issued to you by Google Play will be given back to you as Google Play credit.

Stadia
Learn more about Stadia refund policies.

  Refund turnaround times
Refunds from Google Play are returned to the payment method used to make the original purchase. Refunds take different amounts of time depending on how you paid. 
If your refund takes longer than expected, check your refund status on your Google Pay account. If the status is "Refunded," you'll see a credit on your form of payment. If the status is "Cancelled," the order was never charged and so you won't see a credit on your form of payment. 

YouTube

Learn more about YouTube refund policies
Refund turnaround times
Refunds from Google Play are returned to the payment method used to make the original purchase. Refunds take different amounts of time depending on how you paid.
  If your refund takes longer than expected, check your refund status on your Google Pay account. If the status is "Refunded," you'll find a credit on your form of payment. If the status is "Cancelled," the order was never charged and so you won't find a credit on your form of payment.
Refund timelines

Refunds from Google Play are returned to the payment method used to make the original purchase. Refunds take different amounts of time depending on how you paid.
If your refund is taking longer than expected, check your refund status on your Google Pay account. If the status is "Refunded" you will see a credit on your form of payment. If the status is "Cancelled" the order was never charged and so you will not see a credit on your form of payment.





Payment method


Estimated Refund time




Credit or debit card


3–5 business days
Processing time can be affected by the card issuer and sometimes takes up to 10 business days.
If your credit card is no longer active, refunds will go to the bank that issued your card. Contact the bank to recover funds.



AirPay, TrueMoney Wallet, Linepay (Thailand only)

1–5 business days.
Refunds should appear in the user's account. 



AliPayHK (Hong Kong only)

1–5 business days.
Refunds should appear on the user's e-Wallet account.




Edy


1-5 business days
Refunds are applied to your Google Play Credit balance.



GCash

1–5 business days.
Refunds should appear in the user's account.



Mobile carrier billing (prepaid / pay-as-you-go)

1–30 business days
Processing time can be affected by your carrier and sometimes takes longer.




Mobile carrier billing (postpaid / contract)


1-2 monthly statements
Processing time can be affected by your carrier, but refunds will usually appear within 2 monthly billing statements. If it takes longer, contact your carrier to check the status.




GoPay and OVO (Indonesia only)


1-5  days 




Google Play balance (gift card or credit balance)


1 business day 
Refunds appear in your Google Play account. Occasionally this can take up to 3 business days.




Google Pay


1 business day
Refunds appear in your Google Pay account. Occasionally this can take up to 3 business days.



KakaoPay (Korea only)

3–5 business days
This can sometimes take up to 10 business days. If refund takes longer, contact KakaoPay for more detailed information.



Mercado Pago (Brazil & Mexico)
1-5 business days


MoMo E-Wallet (Vietnam only)
1-5 business days



my paysafecard (Poland, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Slovenia, Austria, Belgium, Italy, the Netherlands, Portugal)

3-5 business days


Octopus O! ePay (Hong Kong only)

1–5 business days.
Refunds should appear on the user's e-Wallet account.



Online Banking

1-10 business days
Processing time can be affected by your bank, but typically takes between 4 and 10 business days.




PayPal


3–5 business days
This can sometimes take up to 10 business days. If you're returning the money to a payment method within PayPal (like a linked bank account), contact PayPal for more detailed information.



Payco (Korea only)

3–5 business days
This can sometimes take up to 10 business days. If it takes longer, contact PAYCOfor more detailed information.



Promptpay (Thailand only)


Approved refunds are automatically and instantly credited as Play balance in the user's Play account. 
Refunds to the original bank account aren’t supported.





QIWI Кошелек (Russia and Kazakhstan)

3–5 business days
Refunds should appear in the user's account. 



ShopeePay (Indonesia, Malaysia, and Thailand)
1-5 business days


TrueMoney Wallet (Thailand only)
1-5 business days


VTC Pay (Vietnam only)
1-5 business days


ZaloPay (Vietnam only)
1-5 business days


ЮMoney [YooMoney]
1-3 business days





   Was this helpful?How can we improve it?YesNoSubmit      Need more help? Sign in for additional support options to quickly solve your issue      Sign in      true    Movies & TVMy movie or show won't play or shows an errorLearn about refunds on Google PlaySend feedback about Google Play Movies & TV or Google TV           ©2022 Google   Privacy Policy   Google Play Terms of Service     Afrikaans‎dansk‎Deutsch‎eesti‎English (United Kingdom)‎español‎español (Latinoamérica)‎Filipino‎français‎français (Canada)‎hrvatski‎Indonesia‎italiano‎latviešu‎lietuvių‎magyar‎Melayu‎Nederlands‎norsk‎polski‎português‎português (Brasil)‎română‎slovenčina‎slovenščina‎suomi‎svenska‎Tiếng Việt‎Türkçe‎íslenska‎čeština‎Ελληνικά‎български‎русский‎српски‎українська‎‏עברית‏العربية‏فارسیमराठी‎हिन्दी‎తెలుగు‎ไทย‎中文（简体）‎中文（繁體）‎中文（香港）‎日本語‎한국어‎ English‎         Enable Dark Mode   Send feedback on... This help content & information General Help Center experience       SearchClear searchClose searchGoogle appsMain menu                        Search Help Center         true 84680                false                           false 
