Subscribe to Google Play Pass - Google Play Help   Skip to main content   Google Play HelpSign inGoogle HelpHelp CenterCommunityGoogle PlayPrivacy PolicyGoogle Play Terms of ServiceSubmit feedback Send feedback on...This help content & informationGeneral Help Center experienceNextHelp CenterCommunityGoogle PlayGet started with Google Play PassSubscribe to Google Play Pass   We noticed you haven't enrolled in our Play Points program yet. It can be joined at no cost, and you'll receive a welcome offer of 3x bonus points on every purchase for the first week. Learn more.           Subscribe to Google Play PassWhen you subscribe to Google Play Pass, you’ll get hundreds of games and apps, without ads or in-app purchases. Play Pass won’t give you access to all of Google Play, just a selection of apps and games. Availability of games and apps on Play may vary by country.
What you need
To buy a subscription to Google Play Pass, you’ll need to:

Use a device with Android version 4.4 and above. Learn how to check your Android version.
Have Google Play Store app version 16.6.25 and above.
Be located in a country where Play Pass is available. Learn where Play Pass is available.
Have a valid payment method. Learn how to add a payment method to Google Play.
Have the same billing country and Google Play country. Learn how to change your Google Play country.
Use a Google account. You can't subscribe to Play Pass with an account set up through your work or school.
Be a family manager or able to create a family if you’d like to share Play Pass with your family.


Important: If you’re a family manager, make sure to check all apps before you let any child in your family group install them. 
Buy a subscription to Google Play Pass


Open the Google Play Store app .
At the top right, tap the Profile picture.
Tap Play Pass  Get started.
Follow the on-screen instructions.

Important: You'll only get a trial at no charge if you're a new user for Play Pass.

Tip: You’ll only get charged at the end of your trial period. If you don’t want to be charged, cancel your subscription before the trial period ends.
Create a family library
With a family library, you can share a Google Play Pass subscription with your Google Play family group. Learn more about Google Play family libraries.

Important: If you aren't part of a family group, you must create one first.

Open the Google Play Store app .
At the top right, tap the Profile picture.
Tap Settings   Family  Sign up for Family Library.
To set up Family Library, follow the on-screen instructions.


Join a family and activate a Google Play Pass subscription

If you’re already part of a family group on Google and the family manager subscribes to Play Pass, you’ll need to activate your Play Pass before you can use it.
Important: You may need to accept the family group invitation by email or SMS before you can activate Google Play Pass. Learn more about joining a family group.

Open the Google Play Store app .
At the top right, tap the Profile picture.
Tap Play Pass  Activate.


Deactivate Google Play Pass
Only members of a family can activate or deactivate Play Pass. When you deactivate Play Pass, you only deactivate it for your account. Other family members can still use Play Pass.

Open the Google Play Store app .
At the top right, tap the Profile picture.
Tap Payments & subscriptions  Subscriptions  Play Pass.
Tap Cancel subscription.


Tip: To unsubscribe from Play Pass, have the family manager cancel the subscription. When the family manager unsubscribes, family members no longer have Play Pass.

Use games and apps in Google Play Pass
When you subscribe to Google Play Pass, you’ll get hundreds of games and apps, without ads or in-app purchases. Play Pass won’t give you access to all of Google Play, just a selection of apps and games. Availability of games and apps on Play may vary by country.

On your Android phone or tablet, open the Google Play Store app .
At the bottom, tap Play Pass.
Select an app.
If the app is part of Play Pass, at the top of the app's details page, you can find a Play Pass logo.


Important: Google Play measures your Play Pass usage to find out how much developers in Play Pass earn. We also provide developers with info on how people use their apps. We don't share your personal or individual usage information. You can cancel or deactivate your subscription at any time and we'll stop measuring usage when your subscription ends.
When apps leave Google Play Pass
If an app you use or game you play leaves Play Pass:

Apps and games at no charge:
    
You can still use the app or game, but you may start to get ads or have to pay for in-app items.


Paid apps and games:
    
You can use the paid app or game for some time before you’ll need to buy the app or game separately, outside of Play Pass.
You can also uninstall the app.





Manage your Google Play Pass subscription
If you subscribe to Play Pass, you can use Google Play app to:

Check when your plan renews.
Change a payment method.
Add a backup payment method.
Cancel your Play Pass subscription.




To manage your subscription:

Open the Google Play Store app .
At the top right, tap the Profile picture.
Tap Payments & subscriptions  Subscriptions  Play Pass.


Tip: Currently, you can’t pause your Play Pass subscription. Uninstalling an app downloaded through Play Pass won’t cancel your subscription.
Get support for Pixel Pass
To learn more about Pixel Pass, visit the Pixel Pass Help Center.


Related resources

Learn more about canceling subscriptions.
Learn about refunds on Google Play.
Learn about refunds on Google Play in EEA countries.


   Was this helpful?How can we improve it?YesNoSubmit      Need more help? Sign in for additional support options to quickly solve your issue      Sign in      true    Get started with Google Play PassSubscribe to Google Play Pass           ©2022 Google   Privacy Policy   Google Play Terms of Service     Afrikaans‎dansk‎Deutsch‎eesti‎English (United Kingdom)‎español‎español (Latinoamérica)‎Filipino‎français‎français (Canada)‎hrvatski‎Indonesia‎italiano‎latviešu‎lietuvių‎magyar‎Malti‎Melayu‎Nederlands‎norsk‎polski‎português‎português (Brasil)‎română‎slovenčina‎slovenščina‎suomi‎svenska‎Tiếng Việt‎Türkçe‎íslenska‎čeština‎Ελληνικά‎български‎русский‎српски‎українська‎‏עברית‏العربية‏فارسیमराठी‎हिन्दी‎తెలుగు‎ไทย‎中文（简体）‎中文（繁體）‎中文（香港）‎日本語‎한국어‎ English‎         Enable Dark Mode   Send feedback on... This help content & information General Help Center experience       SearchClear searchClose searchGoogle appsMain menu                        Search Help Center           true 84680                                        false 
