Control the ads you see - Android - Ads Help   Skip to main content   Ads HelpSign inGoogle HelpHelp CenterAdsPrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceSubmit feedback Send feedback on...This help content & informationGeneral Help Center experienceNextAds        Control the ads you seeYou can make the ads you see more useful or get ads that are specific to you. You'll see Google ads on:

Google services, like Search or YouTube.
Websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.

Edit your info or interests

Go to your Google Account.
In the navigation panel, select Data & privacy.
Scroll to "Things you've done and places you've been."
Under "Ad settings," select Ad personalization.
Turn on Ad Personalization if it’s off.
Under "How your ads are personalized," select your personal info or interests.
    
To update your info, select Update. Follow the steps on the screen.
To turn off an interest, select Turn off. Confirm by selecting Turn off.
To bring back an interest, select What you've turned off. Choose an interest and select Turn back on.



If you don't want personalized ads, turn off Ad Personalization. Learn more about stopping personalized ads.

Get your ad preferences everywhere
To see ads based on your Google Account settings, sign in to your account on all your devices.
On your device
Learn how to add your Google Account to your device.
On your browser

On your Android phone or tablet, open your browser, like Chrome or Firefox.
Go to google.com.
If you aren't signed in, at the top right, tap Sign in. Follow the steps.

Turn off personalized ads

Go to your Google Account.
In the navigation panel, select Data & privacy.
Scroll to "Things you've done and places you've been."
Under "Ad settings," select Ad personalization. 
Turn off the switch next to "Ad Personalization is ON."

You can also turn off personalization for your browser by installing the IBA Opt Out (by Google) extension.
Once you've turned off personalization, Google will no longer use your info to personalize your ads. Ads can still be targeted with info like your general location or the content of the website you’re visiting.

Control personalized ads on non-Google websites and apps based on your Google Account activity


Go to your Google Account.
In the navigation panel, select Data & privacy.
Scroll to "Things you've done and places you've been."
Under "Ad settings," select Ad personalization  Advanced.
Uncheck the box next to "Also use your activity & information from Google services to personalize ads on websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads."

If you don’t see a checkbox, this setting is already off because of another setting or your administrator.


Stop getting personalized ads from other ad networks

Google is one of many ad networks that personalizes ads based on your activity online. Go to AdChoices to control ads from other ad networks.


How ad settings work

When you're signed in


Each Google Account has its own ad settings. If you have multiple accounts, your ad settings are unique to each account. Changes you make to your ad settings are saved when you’re signed in to your Google Account.
When you're signed in, ads are personalized with the activity and information from your Google Account. You can see and edit your activity at My Activity.
When you’re signed in with more than 1 Google Account at the same time, ads may be based on ad settings for your default account. Your default account is usually the account you signed in with first.



When you're signed out


If you're not signed in, your ad settings are saved to your device or browser. Your ad settings won't be saved if you clear your browser's cookies, get a new device, or reset your Advertising ID.
Ad Personalization on Google Search
Ad Personalization on Google Search controls the ads you see when you’re signed out of your Google Account and using Google Search. Google will use your activity on Google Search, like your previous searches, to show you ads on Google Search.
Since Ad Personalization on Google Search controls your experience when you’re not signed in to your Google Account, it only applies to the specific browser or device that you’re using.
Ad Personalization on YouTube
Ad Personalization on YouTube controls the ads you see when you’re signed out of your Google Account and using YouTube. Google will use your activity on YouTube, such as your previous searches, to show you ads on YouTube.
Since Ad Personalization on YouTube controls your experience when you’re not signed in to your Google Account, it only applies to the specific browser or device that you’re using.

Ad Personalization Across the Web
Ad Personalization Across the Web controls the Google ads you see when you’re signed out of your Google Account on apps and when browsing non-Google websites on non-ITP/ETP browsers. Google will use your browsing data on partner websites and apps to show you ads in those places.
Since Ad Personalization Across the Web controls your experience when you’re not signed in to your Google Account, it only applies to the specific browser or device that you’re using. 




Related articles

Block certain ads
Why you're seeing an ad
See a site by turning off Chrome's ad blocker

   Was this helpful?How can we improve it?YesNoSubmit      Android ComputeriPhone & iPad   More                false        ©2022 Google   Privacy Policy   Terms of Service     català‎dansk‎Deutsch‎eesti‎English (Australia)‎English (United Kingdom)‎español‎español (Latinoamérica)‎Filipino‎français‎hrvatski‎Indonesia‎italiano‎latviešu‎lietuvių‎magyar‎Nederlands‎norsk‎polski‎português‎português (Brasil)‎română‎slovenčina‎slovenščina‎suomi‎svenska‎Tiếng Việt‎Türkçe‎čeština‎Ελληνικά‎български‎русский‎српски‎українська‎‏עברית‏العربيةहिन्दी‎ไทย‎中文（简体）‎中文（繁體）‎中文（香港）‎日本語‎한국어‎ English‎         Enable Dark Mode   Send feedback on... This help content & information General Help Center experience       SearchClear searchClose searchGoogle appsMain menu                      Search Help Center       true 84064                false                         false 
