



Make your donation now - Wikimedia Foundation




























Make your donation now




Jump to navigation
Jump to search






We ask you, humbly, to help.
We'll get straight to the point: Today we ask you to defend Wikipedia's independence. 
We're a non-profit that depends on donations to stay online and thriving, but 98% of our readers don't give; they simply look the other way. If everyone who reads Wikipedia gave just a little, we could keep Wikipedia thriving for years to come. The price of a cup of coffee is all we ask. 
When we made Wikipedia a non-profit, people told us we’d regret it. But if Wikipedia were to become commercial, it would be a great loss to the world.
Wikipedia is a place to learn, not a place for advertising. The heart and soul of Wikipedia is a community of people working to bring you unlimited access to reliable, neutral information.
We know that most people will ignore this message. But if Wikipedia is useful to you, please consider making a donation of $5, $20, $50 or whatever you can to protect and sustain Wikipedia.
Thanks,
Jimmy Wales 
Wikipedia Founder







It appears that you do not have JavaScript enabled, or your browser does not support it.
In order to provide a safe, secure and pleasant experience, our donation form requires JavaScript.

                Loading…
(If the form does not load, your web browser may not be supported. Please try a different browser.)





        Donation amount (USD)
    





Just Once



Give Monthly







$2.75



$5



$10



$20





$30



$50



$100




Other




Please select an amount (minimum $1)
We cannot accept donations greater than USD $4 ($1 $2) through our website. Please contact our major gifts staff at $3.



Donate by credit/debit card
Visa
MasterCard
American Express
JCB
Discover




PayPal




Apple Pay




Amazon












I'll generously add $X to cover the transaction fees so you can keep 100% of my donation.





Where your donation goes
Technology: Servers, bandwidth, maintenance, development. Wikipedia is one of the top 10 websites in the world, and it runs on a fraction of what other top websites spend.
People and Projects: The other top websites have thousands of employees. We have about 550 staff and contractors to support a wide variety of projects, making your donation a great investment in a highly-efficient not-for-profit organization.






Tax deductibility information




We do not sell or trade your information to anyone. By donating, you agree to share your personal information with the Wikimedia Foundation, the nonprofit organization that hosts Wikipedia and other Wikimedia projects, and its service providers pursuant to our donor policy. Wikimedia Foundation and its service providers are located in the United States and in other countries whose privacy laws may not be equivalent to your own. For more information please read our donor policy.



For recurring donors, fixed monthly payments will be debited by the Wikimedia Foundation on the monthly anniversary of the first donation, until such time as you notify us to discontinue them. Donations initiated on the 29, 30, or 31 of the month will recur on the last day of the month for shorter months, as close to the original date as possible. For questions, please contact 




Problems donating?
Other ways to give
Frequently asked questions



 



Retrieved from "https://donate.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:LandingPage"




Navigation menu



Personal tools


EnglishLog in





Namespaces


Special page





English









Views








More








Search



















Navigation


Support pages indexOther ways to giveProblems donatingCancel or change recurring givingMatching Gifts




Wiki


Recent changesDocumentation (collab)




Tools


Special pagesPrintable version








Privacy policy
About Donate
Disclaimers
Mobile view
Developers
Statistics
Cookie statement









