




















      ‎Wikipedia on the App Store
    








































Global Nav Open Menu


Global Nav Close Menu












Apple





Shopping Bag




+












Search apple.com



Cancel








Apple




Store




Mac




iPad




iPhone




Watch




AirPods




TV & Home




Only on Apple




Accessories




Support








Shopping Bag




+













 







								Cancel
							







































App Store Preview


 



























          Wikipedia
            17+


            The Free Encyclopedia
          


            Wikimedia Foundation
          






                      #58 in Reference
                    









4.4 • 4.1K Ratings









Free
 


 



 






Screenshots




                  iPhone
                



                  iPad
                



                  iMessage
                
































































 




Description


Explore your world, find a quick fact, or dive down a Wikipedia rabbit hole with the official Wikipedia app for iOS. With more than 40 million articles across nearly 300 languages, your favorite free online encyclopedia is at your fingertips. Learn more at our FAQ page:https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Wikimedia_Apps/iOS_FAQ App features: Night reading - Appearance controls let you read Wikipedia in comfort, with dark mode, text size control and image dimming to customize how you read. Places - Find Wikipedia articles about places next door or across the globe, with a map and location based search experience. On a trip or your daily commute, with Places it’s easy to learn more about the world around you.Explore feed - Discover the depths of Wikipedia through your explore feed, which surfaces Wikipedia articles and captivating freely-licensed photos. It includes a diverse array of interesting content, including:   - recommended articles based on what you’ve already read- featured articles hand-picked by the Wikipedia community- daily top read articles - picture of the day- events on this day in history- random articles- nearby landmarks  Find and search -  Easily find what you’re looking for by searching within articles or using Spotlight. You can even search with your favorite emojis!  Quick access - Add Wikipedia to your device's Today screen to pick up exactly where you stopped reading your last article, or see the top-read articles and trends of the day. Easy touch navigation, including 3D touch - Multi-touch gestures like swipe, tap, and 3D Touch features complete essential tasks more quickly and simply.  Save articles - Save articles for reading later, even when you’re offline. Search and sort Saved articles, and organize them into folders. Log in to sync your Reading Lists across the your mobile devices.  Multilingual support - Search for and read Wikipedia articles written in any Wikipedia-supported language — there are nearly 300!  Share - Easily share articles, images, and facts from Wikipedia on social media or by email. Or use Handoff to continue reading articles across your iOS devices. Want to know more behind the scenes of the Wikipedia mobile app for iOS? Check out these resources: To send feedback, from the app tap:Settings Gear > Send app feedback Contribute to our app localizations:https://translatewiki.net/wiki/Translating:WikimediaMobile Code at GitHub open source repository:https://github.com/wikimedia/wikipedia-ios About the Wikimedia Foundation The Wikimedia Foundation is a nonprofit organization that supports and operates Wikipedia and the other Wikimedia projects. The Wikimedia Foundation is a charitable organization funded mainly through donations. For more information, please visit our website: https://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Home.







What’s New







May 26, 2022
Version 6.9.1




Small improvements, localization updates, bug fixes. Add pull to refresh and additional filter option to notification center. 







          Ratings and Reviews
        





4.4 out of 5
4.1K Ratings


































4.1K Ratings










Editors’ Choice


Wikipedia has been answering our big and small questions since its introduction in 2001. What if you only speak Hawaiian? Mai hopohopo! Hauʻoli! (Don’t worry! Be happy!) With information in nearly 300 Wikipedia-supported languages, you’ll be able to find facts in the lingo you like.















    latteboy50

, 
03/20/2022


    Fantastic app with one major glitch


First of all, I love this app. It is very professionally made. The UI is clean and intuitive. Links work how you’d expect them to, it’s easy to search, navigate through pages and find words within articles. But there is one major glitch that makes me extremely frustrated - editing documents. For some reason the cursor is virtually unusable when editing documents. It jumps around and sometimes just gets stuck in place making it impossible to set it where you want to begin typing. There are other problems with it that I won’t get into but really the only flaw of this app id the editing UI. This app would be absolutely PERFECT if that is fixed.But if you don’t edit pages like I do, you’ll absolutely love this app! Think of all the FREE information you’re getting from this app. Truly mind-boggling the world that we live in.















    Cxrmcg

, 
04/04/2022


    Amazing, endless information in only one app!


I’ve always been a huge supporter of what Wikipedia stands for - the endless amount of information that anybody can access in order to become better informed! When I found out all of this was translated into an app, I was joyous (as weird as that sounds lol). Now when I’m traveling, or eating, or seriously whenever I have free time, I just get on this app and start reading. It’s very easy to use (keep in mind that I am a reader, not an editor so I do not have an editor’s experience with this app). The interface is quite lovely, giving customization options in order to fit individual reading preferences. It really is a privilege to live in a society where information can be so accessible, especially thanks to Wikipedia who preaches the ethics of information being free and in anybody’s disposal. My immigrant mother who is still learning English appreciates the Spanish accessibility as well! It’s just an amazing app, and I would 100% recommend it to anybody. The world is at our fingertips, why not?
























      App Privacy
    





    The developer, Wikimedia Foundation, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer’s privacy policy.
  





Data Not Linked to You
The following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity:






Identifiers







Usage Data







Diagnostics





Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More



Information


Seller

            Wikimedia Foundation
          


Size
53.2 MB


Category


                Reference
              



Compatibility



                  iPhone
                
Requires iOS 13.0 or later.
                



                  iPad
                
Requires iPadOS 13.0 or later.
                



                  iPod touch
                
Requires iOS 13.0 or later.
                



 
Languages

English, Afrikaans, Albanian, Arabic, Armenian, Assamese, Asturian, Basque, Bengali, Bosnian, Breton, Burmese, Cambodian, Catalan, Central Kurdish, Chechen, Czech, Danish, Dimli (individual language), Dutch, Esperanto, Faeroese, Finnish, French, Galician, Georgian, German, Greek, Hawaiian, Hebrew, Hindi, Hungarian, Hunsrik, Icelandic, Indonesian, Italian, Japanese, Kannada, Karachay-Balkar, Korean, Kölsch, Latvian, Lithuanian, Luxembourgish, Macedonian, Malay, Malayalam, Marathi, N'Ko, Nepali, Norwegian Bokmål, Occitan, Oriya, Oromo, Pashto, Persian, Polish, Portuguese, Punjabi, Romanian, Russian, Sanskrit, Scots, Serbian, Simplified Chinese, Sindhi, Slovak, Spanish, Sudanese, Swahili, Swedish, Tajik, Tamil, Telugu, Thai, Traditional Chinese, Turkish, Tyap, Ukrainian, Upper Sorbian, Urdu, Uzbek, Venetian, Vietnamese, Welsh, Yakut, Yiddish



Age Rating

            17+

              Unrestricted Web Access


 
Copyright
© 2022 Wikimedia Foundation


Price
Free








            Developer Website
          



            App Support
          

 

            Privacy Policy
          








          Developer Website
        



          App Support
        

 

          Privacy Policy
        








          More By This Developer
        




 










 




translatewiki.net



    Utilities

 







          You Might Also Like
        




 










 




Wondrium - Learning & Courses



    Education

 



 










 




Dictionary.com: English Words



    Reference

 



 










 




wikiHow



    Reference

 



 










 




NASA



    Education

 



 










 




TED



    Education

 



 










 




Dictionary.



    Reference

 









		More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE.


Choose your country or region


Copyright © 2022 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
		

Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Sales and Refunds
Legal
Site Map












