




















      ‎Google News on the App Store
    








































Global Nav Open Menu


Global Nav Close Menu












Apple





Shopping Bag




+












Search apple.com



Cancel








Apple




Store




Mac




iPad




iPhone




Watch




AirPods




TV & Home




Only on Apple




Accessories




Support








Shopping Bag




+













 







								Cancel
							







































App Store Preview


 



























          Google News
            12+


            Top world & local news stories
          


            Google LLC
          






                      #16 in News
                    









4.6 • 223.3K Ratings









Free
 


 



 






Screenshots




                  iPhone
                



                  iPad
                
































































 




Description


Google News is a personalized news aggregator that organizes and highlights what’s happening in the world so you can quickly catch up and discover more about the stories that matter to you.With Google News, you’ll find:YOUR BRIEFING: It can be nearly impossible to keep up with every story you care about, Your Briefing makes it easy to stay in the know about what’s important and relevant in your world. It updates throughout the day to bring you the top local, national, and world headlines, plus personalized news tailored to your interests.LOCAL NEWS: Explore your community through stories and articles from news outlets in your local area. Customize and choose multiple locations so you can know what’s happening near you or wherever home is.FULL COVERAGE: Dive deeper into a story with multiple perspectives. The Full Coverage feature organizes everything online about a story, surfacing and highlighting coverage from different outlets and mediums. With just a tap, you’ll uncover how the story is unfolding and how everyone is reporting on it.STORIES FOR YOU: The For You section delivers personalized news related to your interests. Take control and customize the articles you see by following the topics and sources you care about.ACCESS FROM ANY DEVICE: Stay up to date on the news no matter where you are. Pair the Google News mobile app with our Desktop website, news.google.com, and enjoy your personalized content across all your devices.







What’s New







May 25, 2022
Version 5.54




· Bug fixes and performance improvements







          Ratings and Reviews
        





4.6 out of 5
223.3K Ratings


































223.3K Ratings
















    $ugar$hane89

, 
12/23/2021


    Quick Free Source To Keep Up 2 Date


I was originally using Apple News but then I decided I didn’t really want to pay an extra ten bucks a month when I can get all my day 2 day news from this app for FREE! I love how I can pick and choose the topics that interest me and get news feeds on it in real time. Don’t get me wrong I liked the idea of using Apple News as my main goal is to integrate all my stuff over to Apples ecosystem but I feel that 10 bucks a month for News nowadays is just asking a bit too much when people have so many other avenues they can go down which are either cheaper or in this case completely free. I will stick with my Google News for the time being as it gets the job done and it does it in style plus when someone is looking for anything what’s the term they tend to use??? Oh yeah! That’s right! They say “let me Google that” lol















    SoperrepoS

, 
05/21/2019


    Better than it began, but still needs improvement


After getting sick of Apple New and it’s “curated” content and weird organization scheme I’ve been giving Gnews another look. Including local news is a neat feature, but doesn’t work when you present yesterday’s weather and traffic. The Thumbs Up/Down is a nice idea, but I don’t really see much change in my content tbh. Some of the content served up is a head scratcher - articles on the opposite end of the political spectrum or things that have some relation to my location, but not really to my actual interests. My biggest complaint is the repetitive content and the glut of two bit and garbage “news” outlets and blogs. I don’t need 10 articles telling me the same thing over and over and over again. Clean up your feed, focus on legit blogs and outlets, adjust to user feedback more quickly, remove irrelevant articles (old sales, weather & traffic), and this app will be a winner.Original review from years ago: This replaced Google Currents, and has been a disappointing experience.  Currents was customizable in terms of content selection and was a minimalist reader for my chosen content. This new version puts emphasis on pay walled sites and serves up preconfigured sections (like a analog newspaper). They also removed the nifty drag gesture for minimizing the current selected article.















    AnalogDuck

, 
10/15/2018


    Ruining a perfectly good app with “new & improved”


Google, are you listening? We all came to love your services for their simplicity and focus. What was wrong with the Google News app which I’ve loved for years? Why are you dumping its simplicity for this over-engineered under-thought product? More and more you are rolling out offerings which feel more like products of Apple or Facebook. If I wanted dumbed-down, bloated apps that make decisions for me I would not be coming to Google for a solution. Why does this app not have a dark or night mode? Why are the articles with their pics so large I can only sew a couple or a few on my phone at a time —how hard would it be to add a menu option for a condensed headlines view? If I needed a Apple news app view, I would use the Apple News app. This is Google Reader all over again —killing off your most-beloved products in leu of something that integrates features your fan base don’t care about while dumping those that do. It would not be hard to add a traditional or classic view to this app for those users who prefer the layout they’ve been using for years with the prior Google News app. I just deleted this app, and I’m not returning to it until you at least provide a sensible, condensed view free of clutter and massive article photos.























      App Privacy
    





    The developer, Google LLC, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer’s privacy policy.
  





Data Linked to You
The following data may be collected and linked to your identity:






Purchases







Location







Contact Info







Contacts







User Content







Search History







Browsing History







Identifiers







Usage Data







Diagnostics







Other Data





Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More



Information


Seller

            Google LLC
          


Size
207 MB


Category


                News
              



Compatibility



                  iPhone
                
Requires iOS 14.0 or later.
                



                  iPad
                
Requires iPadOS 14.0 or later.
                



                  iPod touch
                
Requires iOS 14.0 or later.
                



 
Languages

English, Afrikaans, Arabic, Belarusian, Bulgarian, Catalan, Croatian, Czech, Danish, Dutch, Estonian, Filipino, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Hebrew, Hindi, Hungarian, Indonesian, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Latvian, Lithuanian, Malay, Norwegian Bokmål, Persian, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, Russian, Serbian, Simplified Chinese, Slovak, Slovenian, Spanish, Swahili, Swedish, Thai, Traditional Chinese, Turkish, Ukrainian, Vietnamese, Zulu



Age Rating

            12+

              Infrequent/Mild Realistic Violence
Infrequent/Mild Sexual Content and Nudity
Infrequent/Mild Horror/Fear Themes
Infrequent/Mild Cartoon or Fantasy Violence
Infrequent/Mild Alcohol, Tobacco, or Drug Use or References
Infrequent/Mild Mature/Suggestive Themes
Infrequent/Mild Profanity or Crude Humor


 
Copyright
© 2018 Google, Inc


Price
Free








            Developer Website
          



            App Support
          










            Privacy Policy
          








          Developer Website
        



          App Support
        










          Privacy Policy
        








          More By This Developer
        




 










 




YouTube Music



    Music

 



 










 




Google Duo



    Social Networking

 



 










 




Google



    Utilities

 



 










 




Google Earth



    Travel

 



 










 




Google Translate



    Reference

 



 










 




Gmail - Email by Google



    Productivity

 







          You Might Also Like
        




 










 




Yahoo News: Breaking & Local



    News

 



 










 




POLITICO



    News

 



 










 




Flipboard: The Social Magazine



    News

 



 










 




BBC News



    News

 



 










 




AP News



    News

 



 










 




Feedly - Smart News Reader



    News

 









		More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE.


Choose your country or region


Copyright © 2022 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
		

Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Sales and Refunds
Legal
Site Map












