




How Google Works - Google









































About















            About
          














                About
              



                Google in the U.S.
              



                Products
              



                Commitments
              



                Stories
              



                The Keyword
              





                  About Google
                    Our mission, products, and impact



More about our core commitments



                  Belonging
                    Expanding what's possible for everyone




                  Learning
                    Unlocking opportunity with education & career tools




                  Safety Center
                    Keeping billions of people safe online




                  Crisis Response
                    Helping people with information in critical moments




                  Sustainability
                    Committed to being carbon free by 2030




















How our business works










Ads help fund our products
Our mission to organize the world’s information and make it universally accessible and useful has always been core to everything we do at Google.  It’s why we make so many of our products, like Search, Maps, and Gmail, accessible and free of charge to everyone.    
Advertising is what makes it possible to offer our products to everyone. While we sell things like Pixel phones, apps on the Play Store, YouTube subscriptions, and tools for businesses, we make the vast majority of our money from advertising. 
So how does advertising at Google work? We make money selling ad space to businesses -- big and small, global and local -- in two key ways.  First, businesses can reach potential customers by showing ads on a range of Google products such as Search, Maps, and YouTube.   
Second, businesses can buy ad space that we show on sites and apps that partner with us, like news publications and blogs. In this case, most of the money goes to the partner and helps fund their content. So ads not only help support Google but also many other websites and creators.
Ultimately, we earn most of our money by showing ads alongside relevant Search results on Google.com. If you’re interested, you can learn more about how we make money with advertising.
We don’t sell your personal information to anyone
We use your personal information to make our products more helpful to you. It’s how we can autocomplete your searches, get you home faster with Maps, or show you more useful ads based on your interests.  But we never sell your personal information to anyone and you can use many of our products without signing in or saving any personal information at all.  
When we show ads, advertisers pay us either for the placement of an ad -- like a banner at the top of a web page -- or for how an ad actually performs -- like when someone clicks on it.  Advertisers do not pay us for personal information, such as your name or email, and we never share that information with advertisers, unless you ask us to.  We also never use your emails, documents, photos, or sensitive information like race, religion, or sexual orientation, to personalize ads to you. We share reports with our advertisers to help them  understand the performance of their ads, but we do so without revealing any of your personal information.  At every point in the process of showing you ads, we keep your personal information protected with industry-leading security technologies.
Your data, your choice
When it comes to privacy, we know one size doesn’t fit all.  That’s why we build powerful, easy-to-use privacy controls into your Google Account and directly into our products so you can choose the privacy settings that are right for you. 
When we show you ads we give you transparency and controls so you can make informed decisions.  If you’re curious why you’re seeing a given ad, you can select Why this ad for more information. If you no longer find a specific ad relevant, you can mute it. You can use Ad Settings to control the information about you that’s used to show ads. And if you don’t want to see personalized ads at all, you can turn them off at any time.  
Because of advertising, we’re able to offer our products to users around the world free of charge, helping people find answers and get things done.  But, when you use our products you trust us with your personal information.  That’s why we never sell your personal information and why we give you powerful privacy controls.  It’s a responsibility that comes with creating products that are accessible for everyone, everywhere.


 



      Back to top   












Follow us











































Español





Company resources
                  







Contact us
  



Help center
  



Locations
  



Careers
  



Blog
  



Press resources
  



Investor relations
  



Brand Resource Center
  
 



Featured products
                  







Google Ads
  



Android
  



Chrome
  



Google Cloud
  



Google for Education
  



Gmail
  



Google Maps
  



Google Photos
  



Google Play
  



Google Shopping
  



Google Search
  



Google for Small Business
  



Google Store
  



Google Workspace
  



YouTube
  



View all products
  
 



Responsibility
                  







Accessibility
  



Crisis response
  



Digital wellbeing
  



Diversity & inclusion
  



Google.org
  



Google Health
  



Grow with Google
  



Human rights
  



Learning
  



Safety Center
  



Supplier responsibility
  



Sustainability
  
 



More about us
                  







Transparency report
  



Community guidelines
  



How our business works
  



Extended workforce
  
 

























Help
  



Privacy
  



Terms
  
 












 










