






Google Play Pass | Google Play Console















































 



Skip to content









                Features  





 





Features


Test

App bundle explorer



Closed testing



Internal app sharing



Internal testing



Open testing



Pre-launch reports




Release

Device catalog



Play App Signing



Pre-registration



Production



Publishing overview



Releases overview






Grow

Acquisition reporting



Play Games Services



Statistics



Store listing experiments



Store listings



Translation services




Quality

Android Performance Tuner



Android vitals



App size



Ratings



Reach and devices



Reviews






Monetize

In-app products



Subscription reporting



Subscription setup




Manage

Policy status



Team and user management





 





                Resources  






 





Resources



How to Guides

Get best practices, case studies, and other resources to help achieve your business goals throughout the app lifecycle.
                  Explore
                    









                    Build a high-quality app or game



                    Release with confidence



                    Grow your audience



                    Monetize with ease



                    Engage and retain your users








Programs

Learn about programs designed to support developers at various stages of growth and across different business models.
                  Explore
                    









                    Change the Game



                    Families



                    Go Global



                    Google Play Partner Program for Games



                    Google Play Pass



                    Google Play Points





                      High fidelity games



                      Indie Games



                      LiveOps beta



                      Media Experience Program



                      Teacher approved




 





                More  







                        Policy Center



                        Latest news







                Policy Center



                Latest news




Go to Play Console





 













 






Go to Play Console








Grow with Google Play Pass
Google Play Pass is a subscription service offering access to hundreds of apps and games, completely free of ads and in-app purchases. Play Pass provides a high-quality, curated collection of titles – with new content added regularly.

Express interest










Get discovered through Play Pass    







 Reach a new audience for your app no matter your category – from action and indie games, to education and utility apps.






Attract new users who may not have discovered your app on their own


Earn recurring revenue from Play Pass users who engage with your app


Highlight your app in a curated section of the Play Store with new featuring opportunities


Indicate your app quality to Play Pass users with the Play Pass badge



 



Effortlessly integrate    







 A single app supports distribution in the Google Play Store and through Play Pass, so you can take advantage of both opportunities without spending a lot of extra time on development. All you need to do is integrate a few Google Play APIs to enable a seamless experience for Play Pass subscribers:






Paid apps are free for Play Pass subscribers to enjoy. Developers integrate with the Google Play licensing service to limit access only to paying users.


In-app ads are automatically removed for Play Pass subscribers, and continue to surface for the general Play audience. Developers integrate by defining an in-app product that removes advertising when unlocked.


In-app products and subscriptions are unlocked for Play Pass members. No integration is required aside from detecting new or removed purchases when the app resumes, using the Google Play Billing API.



 



Frequently asked questions    












How do I make money?
Developers earn a royalty that is based on algorithmic methods that incorporate signals which capture how users value all types of content (from weather apps to narrative driven indie games). Our goal is for all types of content to succeed on Play Pass and we know that means going beyond paying out only on time spent. We plan to continuously refine the model to make sure it fairly rewards titles that bring awesome experiences to users.


Where is Play Pass available?
Play Pass is initially only available in the US. We plan to add more markets over time


How much do participating titles earn?
Play Pass is a great way to monetize premium content on Play. On average, developers have more than doubled their Play revenue across participating titles in markets where Play Pass is live. This is expanding the variety of content that can succeed on Play and helping to deliver better outcomes for premium developers.


Will participating impact my existing sales?
Most participating developers have not seen any decrease in sales from normal Play channels. Additionally, they have seen a new revenue stream from Play Pass.


What engineering or operational efforts are required by developers?
Developers can easily adapt their existing apps to unlock access with Play Pass. Integration depends on app content. Apps with in-app products or subscriptions detect new or removed purchases on resume, using the Google Play Billing API. Paid apps integrate with the Google Play licensing service to limit access to paying users. If applicable, ads are removed by defining an in-app product automatically unlocked for Play Pass subscribers. No recurring operational effort is involved, except to keep your content up-to-date and consistent with program policies. Earnings reports are posted monthly via the Play Console.


Can any developer be part of Play Pass?
All developers are welcome to express interest in the program and new titles are added regularly. Express interest below.


What types of content work with Play Pass?
All types of apps and games are suitable for Play Pass. Play Pass users only pay through their Play Pass subscription and all in-app content is unlocked, which requires that your app design is compatible with the Play Pass business model.



 



Get started If you are building a great app or game experience that is not yet available to Google Play users, fill in the form below to express interest in participating

Express interest







          Connect with us
        














































            Sign up for the Google Play developer newsletter
          
            Sign up















          About Google



          Google products



          Privacy



          Terms





 


            Help




          Change language
        


              English
            

              العربية
            

              Deutsch
            

              English (United Kingdom)
            

              español (Latinoamérica)
            

              español
            

              français
            

              Indonesia
            

              italiano
            

              日本語
            

              한국어
            

              Nederlands
            

              polski
            

              português (Brasil)
            

              русский
            

              Türkçe
            

              Tiếng Việt
            

              中文 (简体)
            

              中文
            











